The not-for-profit organisation seeks to co-operatively address technology-related skills issues through evidence-based advice, services and programmes.
The ecological restoration of islands, or island restoration, is the application of the principles of ecological restoration to islands and island groups.
Islands, due to their isolation, are home to many of the world's endemic species, as well as important breeding grounds for seabirds and some marine mammals.
Their ecosystems are also very vulnerable to human disturbance and particularly to introduced species, due to their small size.
The principal components of island restoration are the removal of introduced species and the reintroduction of native species.
Many island species evolved on small islands, or even restricted habitats on small islands.
Small populations are vulnerable to even modest hunting, and restricted habitats are vulnerable to loss or modification of said habitat.
More importantly, island species are often ecologically naive, that is they have not evolved alongside a predator, or have lost appropriate behavioural responses to predators.
Some, such as the dodo, are thought to have become extinct because of the pressure of both humans and introduced animals.
Since these species are most often the reason that native fauna and flora is threatened, their removal is essential to the restoration project.
Islands are particularly suitable for restoration as once cleared of an introduced species they can be kept cleared of these species by virtue of being an island.
Species removal is intensive and expensive, and methods used must be carefully chosen as to not create too much impact on non-target species.
The differences in size, lifestyle and behaviour preclude the use of the same techniques for all of them, but with many species a range of techniques needs to be used in order to ensure success.
This goat is then followed and groups it joins are removed.
To remove cats a combination of techniques is needed, both hunting, trapping and poisoning.
Cats are more difficult to hunt than goats and pigs, requiring the use of experienced hunters and night hunting.
Trapping is ineffective for rats, given their sheer numbers, and the only method that works is poisoning, which can be delivered into the field by broadcasting (by hand or from the air) or by the maintenance of bait stations.
The removal of invasive weeds is, in most cases, more difficult than removing animal species.
The removal took ten years, with controlled spraying for the first year, then individual removal of plants, then, when few plants were being found, sifting of the sands around plants to remove seeds.
Exclusion is removal of introduced species in limited areas and focused on a local impact.
Control has a meaning of mitigation by reducing the numbers of introduced species down to ecologically and economically less harmful level.
Since it is not complete wiping out strategy, this has to be taken constantly and repeatedly.
This strategy is said to be feasible but less cost effective due to its incompleteness.
For islands, it is usually the best strategy as it gives permanent effects, which potentially means most cost effective.
Also, this strategy is sometimes hard to accomplish depending on the environment of island and the alien species.
This method intends to limit the area for the mammals before control or eradication.
Shooting is often used for large animals to control them.
This method has meanings of gaining food supply and recreation.
It requires accessibility in the field and experience for the hunters.
Also, to maintain the effect, it requires good amount of manpower for long time, so it can be costly.
Trapping is designed for medium-sized mammals which are hard to shoot at.
The advantage of this method is that it can be selective since it is possible to exclude or reduce the possibility of trapping native animals.
However, trapping requires limited area to cover and limited population to capture.
It is also necessary to consider the secondary poisoning that other animals are affected by poisoned species.
This method can be costly if the area to cover is large.
It is very effective for limited species, but the viruses and bacteria need to be specified clearly for use.
Predator introduction is another biological method to eradicate the introduced species.
It is less costly and environmentally clean, but it can cause greater problems, because it is possible that the introduced predator targets the native animals instead of alien species and its existence and its parasites can be new problems.
Competitor introduction is also a biological method to eradicate introduced carnivores.
It can be very effective with good amount of information.
In the end, the competitor has to be removed as well.
Virus vectored immune-contraception is one of the newest method that is to infect introduced animals with genetically engineered viruses.
This method is considered environmentally clean, low cost, selective, and ethical.
However, it is not fully operational and the effect comes slowly.
Planting of native species helps to replenish species that were either grazed or out competed.
These reintroductions need to be carefully managed, particularly in the case of endangered species, where the potential benefits need to be weighed against the possibility of failure.
One other important aspect of restoration is prevention, that is, keeping invasive species from returning to a cleared island.
This can be achieved by restricting access to the island in question (reducing possible instances of invasion) to more stringent quarantine methods.
However, as the techniques have improved and larger islands have been restored, most of the initial criticisms from within the field have been dropped, in particular as the costs of eradication are often much lower than continuous pest control.
Outside of the field of conservation there has been some opposition from other interested groups, particularly from the animal rights movement, which contends that the welfare of the pests in question is not adequately addressed in island restoration plans.
Some also defend the rights of the introduced species to exist as well.
Others, including scientists affiliated with the animal rights movement, accept that when the choice is between the future of a species and a population of pests, the future of a species must take priority (with the caveat that the extermination is conducted as humanely as possible).
Opposition to island restoration has not led to the abandonment of many projects but has delayed several, particularly through court action.
The following examples highlight some of the factors that influence projects.
This introduction decimated the birds of the chain, particularly seabirds like the whiskered auklet.
The reduction in seabirds, in turn, had effects on the ecology of the islands, as many of the plants were dependent on the guano from nesting birds acting as a fertilizer.
The poison had to be dropped in the winter, to minimize disturbance to nesting seabirds and reduce the chance of bird strike for the pilots.
Soon after the island was cleared it was possible to return the teals to the island.
Snipe have self-reintroduced to the island and have begun breeding.
While previously the island's glaciers formed a natural barrier to the spread of rats, these glaciers are now slowly melting as the climate warms.
Monitoring will continue for a further two or three years.
Predation on seabirds by introduced animals, and factors affecting its severity..
He's tough and has a good speed, but obviously needs varsity game experience.
A solid all-around player, he continues to show steady improvement.
Inscriptions are placed on the north and south sides of the monument.
The townspeople, joined by the drifters, form a posse to catch the perpetrators.
They find three men in possession of the cattle, and are determined to see justice done on the spot.
The atmosphere is subdued due to recent incidents of cattle-rustling.
The townspeople immediately form a posse to pursue the murderers, who they believe are cattle rustlers.
A judge tells the posse that it must bring the suspects back for trial, and that its formation by a deputy (the sheriff being out of town) is illegal.
A vote is taken as to whether the men should be hanged or taken back to stand trial.
During the shutdown, already used sets were torn down so their materials could be used to build the mountain pass set.
In spite of its significance and its dramatic value, our records showed that it had failed to pay its way.
Booker uses his quickness and long wingspan to deny pass after pass.
His production began to increase with the move and his scoring prowess became a lot more noticeable throughout the second half of the season.
In it, he stated that he had not intended to resign.
White made an out-of-cort settlement and the case never became public knowledge at the time.
This caused tensions between the two nations to increase further.
Despite the purge of several key pilots and commanders, as well as the lack of spare parts, the air force showed its power during local uprisings and rebellions.
The most highly skilled soldiers and aviators were exiled, imprisoned, or executed.
In addition, many junior officers were promoted to generals, resulting in the army being more integrated as a part of the regime by the war's end, as it is today.
Iraq began to grow bolder, both shelling and launching border incursions in disputed territories.
Iraq's strategic reserves had been depleted, and by now it lacked the power to go on any major offensives until nearly the end of the war.
During this period, fighting consisted mainly of artillery duels and raids.
Of the regular divisions, only seven were deployed to the border.
As the squads surged forward to execute their missions, that gave the impression of a "human wave attack".
Operations were often carried out during the night and deception operations, infiltrations, and maneuvers became more common.
At least a dozen high-ranking officers were also executed during this time.
This became an increasingly common punishment for those who failed him in battle.
Saddam returned to the room and continued with his meeting.
Iran, however, held the advantage in the war of attrition.
Iranian offensives became more complex and involved extensive maneuver warfare using primarily light infantry.
The route does not concur with any other state highways.
It fully meets the modern standards of safety and service organization of international and domestic flights, all types of collateral obtained certificates of conformity.
Places in the hangars are equipped with all the necessary equipment, tow bars are available.
He forced and recovered one fumble and broke up two passes.
The competitive admission is mainly based on the score in city-wide or province-wide standardized tests as well as talent in science, music, sports, and the arts.
Therefore, the school is well known for its top-ranking quality in teaching all over the country.
Thanks to the great effort they made, the school managed to survive the troubled time though suffered a lot from exhausting moves.
Once again, the school had to face directly the threat from the governor because it was teaching students equality and democracy, both of which all dictators will try to eliminate.
This is the symbol indicating the school's superiority in the realm of education.
They have a bit of time to do what they are interested in.
Although the students are often busy with their schoolwork, there are four major festivals for developing students as well as helping students release themselves.
All the plays will be graded by judges composed by art teachers, and then a list of winners will come out based on their marks.
Yet, most games in the track meet are also divided into groups consisting classes from the same grade while the teachers compete together.
There is no doubt that the very purpose of this festival is motivating students to think differently.
This festival is most popular one among students, however, for its various forms of activities.
Basically, every association at school will hold at least one activity depending on the nature of the association itself.
More specifically, they will go, eat, sleep and study in parallel.
Thus, if students want to apply for the reception mission, they'll have to meet the language as well as financial requirement set up by the school first.
As a result, despite the strict selectivity, passionate students still apply for such opportunities eagerly.
This was a milestone in the history of the school, showing its growing strength.
Wearing white flowers, students gathered to mourn those compatriots who lost their lives.
Our determination to pursue a better life is not crushed as well.
I believe everyone of you will study hard and practice hard, striving to be pillars of our nation.
I believe, we study together to draw a better future a few years later.
Fido, the princess's pet alligator, thinks he is a dog.
There are sidings on the north side of the station.
The change was made in order to simplify shunting at this station, by removing the need to hand-pump the train-operated loop points to access the sidings.
A single-track road or one-lane road is a road that permits two-way travel but is not wide enough in most places to allow vehicles to pass one another (although sometimes two compact cars can pass).
The distance between passing places varies considerably, depending on the terrain and the volume of traffic on the road.
Passing places are generally marked with a diamond-shaped white sign with the words "passing place" on it.
New signs tend to be square rather than diamond-shaped, as diamond signs are also used for instructions to tram drivers in cities.
Signs remind drivers of slower vehicles to pull over into a passing place (or opposite it, if it is on the opposite side of the road) to let following vehicles pass, and most drivers oblige.
Sometimes two small vehicles can pass one another at a place other than a designated passing place.
When practical, it is usually considered better for the vehicle going downhill to yield the right of way by stopping at a wide spot.
The reason seems to be that it may be harder for the vehicle going up to get started again.
Tunnels in remote areas can also be one lane when the tunnel is short and traffic is low, when building a hill or blasting away the mountain is too cost prohibitive.
Exit and entrance ramps for freeways and motorways are among common examples of one-way single-track roads.
The workers, who communicate through yelling, hand gestures, or radio, will periodically reverse their signs to allow time for traffic to flow in each direction.
A modification of this for roadways that have heavier traffic volumes is to maintain one direction on the existing roadway, and detour the other, thus not requiring the use of flaggers.
When two vehicles meet head-on, generally the drivers confer to decide in which direction lies the closest wide spot, and together they travel there, the lead vehicle necessarily in reverse gear.
Instead the driver would stop just short of the passing place on the road, to leave space for the oncoming vehicle to manoeuvre into the passing place which would be on their left.
At night, if a driver were to see an oncoming vehicle in the distance and was reasonably close to a passing place, the driver would flash the headlights which would signal the other car to proceed forward while either the other vehicle reversed back to a passing place, or waited beside a passing place for the other car to arrive.
Although saving time, this process can cause ruts and erosion along the edge of the road.
If there are no passing places or wide parts of the road then start of the road is considered as the passing place.
The combined evidence in the form of texts and wall reliefs provide the best documented description of a battle in all of ancient history.
However, no annals have been discovered that might describe it as part of a campaign.
Instead, there are various references made to it in the context of other events.
The idea involved a format which player software could run on any system and which would work with slower network connections.
Additional primitives like rectangles, ellipses, and even text can be built from these.
Each song was recorded separately and later mixed together to form the unbroken stretch of music.
However, he has not satisfied the supporters of the club yet and only performed well in a couple of matches in the last year.
Football circles were sure that his contract would be terminated by the club due to his poor performance.
After the exit of the manager, he remained in the permanent staff of the club.
The rest of the county are hills, plateaus, and valleys.
Ploughing, planting, harvesting, and hay making and handling are mostly done through manual labour.
The county is also home to a strong mining industry of extraction of metals other than iron.
There are not many paved roads in rural areas, and most of them are usually accessible.
This is followed beyond the middle by an ill-defined, scarcely visible, parallel hue of pale brown.
A changeling is a creature found in folklore and folk religion.
A changeling child was believed to be a fairy child that had been left in place of a human child stolen by the fairies.
The theme of the swapped child is common in medieval literature and reflects concern over infants thought to be afflicted with unexplained diseases, disorders, or developmental disabilities.
Most often it was thought that fairies exchanged the children.
A peasant family's subsistence frequently depended upon the productive labor of each member, and it was difficult to provide for a person who was a permanent drain on the family's scarce resources.
Beauty in human children and young women, particularly blond hair, was said to attract the fairies.
Other folklore say that human milk is necessary for fairy children to survive.
In these cases either the newborn human child would be switched with a fairy baby to be suckled by the human mother, or the human mother would be taken back to the fairy world to breastfeed the fairy babies.
It is also thought that human midwives were necessary to bring fairy babies into the world.
Some stories tell of changelings who forget they are not human and proceed to live a human life.
Changelings which do not forget, however, in some stories return to their fairy family, possibly leaving the human family without warning.
The human child that was taken may often stay with the fairy family forever.
They held that changelings had actually occurred; the hiding people would exchange their own sickly children for the healthy children of the invaders.
In one case a changeling baby was put through the stone in order for the mother to get the real child back.
Evil pixies had changed her child and the ancient stones were able to reverse their evil spell.
This nonsense will force the changeling to speak, revealing its true age.
So too was admiring or envying a woman or man dangerous, unless the person added a blessing; the able-bodied and beautiful were in particular danger.
Putting a changeling in a fire would cause it to jump up the chimney and return the human child, but at least one tale recounts a mother with a changeling finding that a fairy woman came to her home with the human child, saying the other fairies had done the exchange, and she wanted her own baby.
Changelings, in some instances, were regarded not as substituted fairy children but instead old fairies brought to the human world to die.
The neighbours, out of curiosity, have often looked in at the window to see how he behaved when alone, which, whenever they did, they were sure to find him laughing and in the utmost delight.
Often, it was thought, a baby would be snatched and replaced with a simulation of the baby, usually a male adult elf, to be suckled by the mother.
The real baby would be treated well by the elves and would grow up to be one of them, where as the changeling baby would be discontented and wearisome.
Many herbs, salves and seeds could be used for discovering the fairy-folk and ward off their designs.
When taunted by other boys he would not hesitate to draw his gully (a large knife) and dispatch them, however being that he was woefully short in the legs they usually out-ran him and escaped.
It was believed that if a human child was taken in spite of such measures, the parents could force the return of the child by treating the changeling cruelly, using methods such as whipping or even inserting it in a heated oven.
In at least one case, a woman was taken to court for having killed her child in an oven.
The son explains that since his mother had never been cruel to the changeling, so the troll mother had never been cruel to him, and when she sacrificed what was dearest to her, her husband, they had realized they had no power over her and released him.
The changelings grow up with their new parents, but both find it hard to adapt: the human girl is disgusted by her future bridegroom, a troll prince, whereas the troll girl is bored by her life and by her dull human future groom.
Upset with the conditions of their lives, they both go astray in the forest, passing each other without noticing it.
The princess comes to the castle whereupon the queen immediately recognizes her, and the troll girl finds a troll woman who is cursing loudly as she works.
The troll girl bursts out that the troll woman is much more fun than any other person she has ever seen, and her mother happily sees that her true daughter has returned.
Both the human girl and the troll girl marry happily the very same day.
It may be of less than usual intelligence, but again is identified by its more than childlike wisdom and cunning.
The common means employed to identify a changeling is to cook a family meal in an eggshell.
A hangar is a closed building structure to hold aircraft, spacecraft or tanks in protective storage.
Most hangars are built of metal, but other materials such as wood and concrete are also used.
Hangars are used for protection from the weather, direct sunlight, maintenance, repair, manufacture, assembly and storage of aircraft on airfields, aircraft carriers and ships.
Most early airships used hydrogen gas to provide them with sufficient buoyancy for flight, so their hangars had to provide protection from stray sparks to keep the gas from exploding.
Hangars that held several airships were at risk from chain-reaction explosions.
For this reason, most hangars for hydrogen-based airships were built to house only one or two such craft.
Steel rigid airship hangars are some of the largest in the world.
Hangars at these bases are some of the world's largest freestanding timber structures.
An alternative to the fixed hangar is a portable shelter that can be used for aircraft storage and maintenance.
They are able to accommodate several aircraft and can be increased in size and even relocated when necessary.
Such hangars may be situated adjacent to the flight deck on cruisers, destroyers and frigates or underneath the flight deck with elevators to lift the aircraft on aircraft carriers and amphibious assault ships.
On some vessels where space is short the hangar and flight deck share the same space, with the hangar stowing away for flight operations.
The width of the doors have to be large; this includes the aircraft entrance.
The bigger the aircraft to be introduced, the more complex a structure is needed.
The definition of allowed activities included final assembly of aircraft.
The territory of the duchy had been parcelled out to many brothers.
John was able to maintain peace between himself and his powerful brothers and other relatives throughout his reign.
Despite the distance from the capital and the general affluence of the district, the lack of administrative enforcement has led to the formation of shantytowns on the outer edges of the district, as poor locals migrate upward and have settled there in search of job opportunities.
The hillside suburban town is filled with nightclubs, beauty salons, fitness gyms and restaurants.
Establishments often host considerable expatriates and foreigners of a similar calibre.
The earthquake caused the collapse of a hospital in the city.
The golf clubhouse has been turned into a field hospital.
After the quake, owners realized that the food stored at the three restaurants would spoil before it would get back into business and decided to give it all away.
Although still living in the streets, the cooks still came to cook for the masses.
There have been a number of developments in the region.
The figures include normal print editions, branded print editions (e.g., regional editions or editions tailored for commuters), and digital subscriptions (e.g., for tablet computers or restricted-access).
Marcuse instead pointed to what he perceived to be the successes of high culture and translated these to all areas of art.
The successful artist will attain truth in his work through detachment that results in symbolic representation.
This successful art must necessarily invoke a longing for something utopian and the promise of ultimate happiness represented by beauty.
This symbolic longing for fulfillment will awaken us from complacency.
Marcuse stated in the book's introduction that he considered literature the primary source of his influence for this system, but feels that the ideas would apply to music and plastic arts as well.
In every other year the teams were placed in a single group of between six and eight teams.
The following is a list of the top county teams by number of wins.
Click on the year for details and team line-outs from each individual championship.
The girl had been beaten and suffocated with a cloth that was later found over her mouth.
Some of her teeth were broken in effort to hinder identification.
Erika's biological mother had a history with abusing substances and relinquished custody of her daughter.
The body had been set afire after death had occurred and it appeared she had not been burned at the location she was found.
She was erroneously estimated to be between sixteen and twenty-five and the date of her death was inaccurately placed at twenty-four hours earlier.
Due to the condition of the body, the color of the eyes and clothing (except for pink underwear) could not be determined.
Due to the condition of the body, visual identification was impossible.
Many members of the community were surprised after the charges were brought forward, as she was often known to be kind and never abused the children in her care in front of others.
The cross was used to demonstrate what it felt like to be persecuted at work.
This is the first time that the festival committee required producers to submit either picture lock versions or finished films, instead of screenplays in previous editions.
However, the committee did not disclose the actual box office earnings at that time, since most of the cinemas reportedly didn't submit the full ticket gross reports.
This led to some film studios releasing their own earnings.
All these components are linked to each other by an on-chip interconnect.
These architectures meet the performance needs of multimedia applications, telecommunication architectures, network security and other application domains while limiting the power consumption through the use of specialised processing elements and architecture.
Its plot involves a secretary who is wrongly accused of stealing money from the company she works for.
The village was completely destroyed and only building rubble left behind.
The candidate elected to the council in each electoral division is shown in the table below.
Brief psychotherapy (also brief therapy, planned short-term therapy) is an umbrella term for a variety of approaches to short-term, solution-oriented psychotherapy.
In brief therapy, the therapist takes responsibility for working more pro-actively with the client in order to treat clinical and subjective conditions faster.
It also emphasizes precise observation, utilization of natural resources, and a temporary suspension of disbelief to consider new perspectives and multiple viewpoints.
Rather than the formal analysis of historical causes of distress, the primary approach of brief therapy is to help the client to view the present from a wider context and to utilize more functional understandings (not necessarily at a conscious level).
Brief therapy is often highly strategic, exploratory, and solution-based rather than problem-oriented.
It is less concerned with how a problem arose than with the current factors sustaining it and preventing change.
Brief therapists do not adhere to one "correct" approach, but rather accept that there being many paths, any of which may or may not in combination turn out to be ultimately beneficial.
I didn't realize that the speed with which you do things makes them last...
They'd do part of it one week, part of it the next, and part of it the week after.
If, however, you do it in five minutes, and repeat it till it happens very fast, the brain understands.
I discovered that the human mind does not learn slowly.
The airplane was substantially damaged, and it narrowly missed hitting two homes, crashing nose first into landscaping straddling two residential front lawns.
The professional skydiver and a first-time jumper were airlifted to the hospital.
Two people, including the pilot, were killed in the crash.
Many filmmakers and cinematographers present their views and discuss why the art of cinematography is important within the craft of filmmaking.
The doc interviews many modern-day directors of photography and they illustrate via examples their best work and the scenes from films that influenced them to pursue their art.
The practitioners also explain the origins behind many of their most indelible images in cinema history.
In case of a hung jury during the penalty phase of the trial, a life sentence is issued, even if a single juror opposed death (there is no retrial).
Lethal injection is the only method of execution authorized by statutes.
The offender was in the process of committing another capital crime, aggravated battery, burglary, or arson.
The offender used or possessed a weapon or device capable of causing significant harm to more than one person simultaneously.
The victim was or had been a judicial officer, district attorney, or solicitor general, and was murdered for reasons relating to their employment as such.
The offender hired another to commit the murder or committed it for hire.
The victim was a law enforcement officer or firefighter and was performing his/her official duties.
The offender was in the custody of, or had escaped from, law enforcement or a correctional facility.
The offender had a prior conviction for rape, aggravated sodomy, aggravated child molestation, or aggravated sexual battery.
However, the ruling meant that crimes "against the state" such as treason or terrorism would not likely be unconstitutional.
This was the first international competition that he had entered into the javelin event.
Waste treatment refers to the activities required to ensure that waste has the least practicable impact on the environment.
In many countries various forms of waste treatment are required by law.
Different forms of solid waste treatment are graded in the waste hierarchy.
Sewage is produced by all human communities and is often left to compost naturally or is treated using processes that separate solid materials by settlement and then convert soluble contaminants into biological sludge and into gases such as carbon dioxide or methane.
Players compete in a series of matches of various types, with the general aim of out-killing opponents.
Match settings (such as score and time limits) can be customized.
Levels are set in a variety of environments, including spaceships, outposts, and buildings such as castles and monasteries.
Many contain features such as elevators (lifts) and teleporters, and obstacles such as water and lava.
For team matches, bots are used to fill the roles of the player's teammates.
The player can choose the bots' skill level or have it automatically adjust to the player's performance.
Bots can be further customized by changing attributes such as names, appearance, and weapon preferences.
In team matches, players can give orders to bots on their team.
The map is set up with objectives which the attacking team must complete (usually in sequence) such as shutting down a power generator, or entering an area.
The team who first attacks then defends, and attempts to defend for the entire time they attacked.
If the team defending first assaults the base faster than the other team, they win.
If both teams defend for the maximum amount of time the match is a tie.
Both teams must defend the base from incoming attackers and get into the other team's base, take their flag and return to base.
Control of these points is initially accomplished through occupation (physically occupying the space), but control of a point continues until a player from another team occupies the space.
The first team to reach the point limit, or that has the most points when a time limit has expired, wins.
Four "bonus packs" were released, each adding maps, characters, or features.
Relics are special items that grant a significant advantage to their holder.
Mining was the primary method of financing the war, though was unpopular with the working class, who grew weary of the working conditions and the war.
The humans were losing the war, and riots broke out.
Afterward, mining incidents were on the increase, and efforts to deal with them were unsuccessful.
The government then came up with the idea of giving the violence an outlet instead.
This proved to be more popular than the combat itself, their popularity increasing with brutality.
The content grew quickly, and soon the team realized that it had underestimated the task.
The modularity of the object-oriented design meant that programmers could make large changes without affecting other parts of the game.
Epic has implemented a dual analog layout (one stick controls movement while the other stick controls aim) which sounds good in theory, but is horrid in practice.
Based on this information, the client (bot or human player) can decide what actions the character should take and issues commands back over the network to the game to have the character move, rotate, change the weapon, etc.
The yearly naming structure, based around marketing the franchise as a competitive sports title, was abandoned before the launch of the third sequel.
This is done to confirm that the desired modifications have been made and no undesired modifications have been made by accident.
This check results a database which has all the mismatching geometries in both the layouts.
If the connection to silicon does not exist, charges may build up on the interconnect to the point at which rapid discharge does take place and permanent physical damage results to thin transistor gate oxide.
This rapid and destructive phenomenon is known as the antenna effect.
Antenna errors can be cured by adding a small antenna diode to safely discharge the node or splitting the antenna by routing up to another metal layer and then down again.
The antenna ratio is defined as the ratio between the physical area of the conductors making up the antenna to the total gate oxide area to which the antenna is electrically connected.
Sue presents a girlish figure; she is young, alert and vigorous.
The charm of her own youth and freshness even means she looks dainty and graceful in clothes that disfigure her elders.
She enjoys the adulation which her appearance guarantees, laughing and chattering with the women and teasing the men.
Richard knows that gambling is an illicit pastime and that he is breaking the law, but is compelled to take his seat at the table by his employer.
It has very much to do with the record company and what they see a market for.
The story of a talented but alcoholic writer was praised for its powerful realism, closely reflecting the author's own experience of alcoholism, from which he was temporarily cured.
When they feel bad like this fellow here, they think they want to stop, but they don't, really.
They can't bring themselves to admit they're alcoholics, or that liquor's got them licked.
If they do stop, out of fear or whatever, they go at once into such a state of euphoria and well-being that they become over-confident.
Besides, he is a producer, a collector, an author and an organizer of art projects in the field of contemporary art.
At the core of the composition were colored and black-and-white lithographic printings of the artist.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, moist savanna, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, heavily degraded former forest, ponds, and canals and ditches.
It is an unusual example of a volatile binary transition metal nitrate.
Ill defined species called titanium nitrate are produced upon dissolution of titanium or its oxides in nitric acid.
He has deviated from the traditional hip-hop community to establish himself as an artist involving himself in many collaborations including musical, video and art.
Below are the stages divided into the two parts mentioned.
The website discusses entertainment news from television, film, books, music, out lesbian and bisexual celebrities and web series.
Recaps of television shows with lesbian and bisexual content are a large part of the entertainment section as well as portraits about known and relatively unknown out lesbian or bisexual women.
Phillips also provided many of the sound effects for the programmes, and was known for his experimental attitude towards creating the sounds he wanted, including use of an early multitrack recording system, reverb, and adjustment of tape speed to create different effects.
A constitution is a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is governed.
When these principles are written down into a single document or set of legal documents, those documents may be said to embody a written constitution; if they are written down in a single comprehensive document, it is said to embody a codified constitution.
Constitutions concern different levels of organizations, from sovereign states to companies and unincorporated associations.
A treaty which establishes an international organization is also its constitution, in that it would define how that organization is constituted.
Within states, a constitution defines the principles upon which the state is based, the procedure in which laws are made and by whom.
Some constitutions, especially codified constitutions, also act as limiters of state power, by establishing lines which a state's rulers cannot cross, such as fundamental rights.
For example, a students' union may be prohibited as an organization from engaging in activities not concerning students; if the union becomes involved in non-student activities, these activities are considered to be ultra vires of the union's charter, and nobody would be compelled by the charter to follow them.
An example from the constitutional law of sovereign states would be a provincial parliament in a federal state trying to legislate in an area that the constitution allocates exclusively to the federal parliament, such as ratifying a treaty.
Action that appears to be beyond power may be judicially reviewed and, if found to be beyond power, must cease.
Legislation that is found to be beyond power will be "invalid" and of no force; this applies to primary legislation, requiring constitutional authorization, and secondary legislation, ordinarily requiring statutory authorization.
It was never "law", even though, if it had been a statute or statutory provision, it might have been adopted according to the procedures for adopting legislation.
Sometimes the problem is not that a statute is unconstitutional, but the application of it is, on a particular occasion, and a court may decide that while there are ways it could be applied that are constitutional, that instance was not allowed or legitimate.
In such a case, only the application may be ruled unconstitutional.
Perhaps the earliest prototype for a law of government, this document itself has not yet been discovered; however it is known that it allowed some rights to his citizens.
For example, it is known that it relieved tax for widows and orphans, and protected the poor from the usury of the rich.
After that, many governments ruled by special codes of written laws.
It eased the burden of the workers, and determined that membership of the ruling class was to be based on wealth (plutocracy), rather than by birth (aristocracy).
The most basic definition he used to describe a constitution in general terms was "the arrangement of the offices in a state".
He classified both what he regarded as good and what he regarded as bad constitutions, and came to the conclusion that the best constitution was a mixed system, including monarchic, aristocratic, and democratic elements.
He also distinguished between citizens, who had the right to participate in the state, and non-citizens and slaves, who did not.
The social contract in the original case was between the king and the nobility, but was gradually extended to all of the people.
These laws had, as the other modern constitutions, preeminence over other laws, and they could not be contradicted by mere decrees or edicts of the king.
The remaining books cover criminal and civil law, judicial procedures and remedies.
It was an organic, coherent, and systematic work of legislation encompassing the civil and penal law.
The position of sachem descended through families, and were allocated by senior female relatives.
Most of the concepts and ideas embedded into modern constitutional theory, especially bicameralism, separation of powers, the written constitution, and judicial review, can be traced back to the experiments of that period.
The model proposed that constitutional governments should be stable, adaptable, accountable, open and should represent the people (i.e., support democracy).
The document became a benchmark for republicanism and codified constitutions written thereafter.
Such rule led some thinkers to take the position that what mattered was not the design of governmental institutions and operations, as much as the character of the rulers.
This led to considerations of what authority monarchs or other officials have and don't have, from where that authority derives, and the remedies for the abuse of such authority.
What arose from the latter was a concept of government being erected on the foundations of first, a state of nature governed by natural laws, then a state of society, established by a social contract or compact, which bring underlying natural or social laws, before governments are formally established on them as foundations.
Along the way several writers examined how the design of government was important, even if the government were headed by a monarch.
They also classified various historical examples of governmental designs, typically into democracies, aristocracies, or monarchies, and considered how just and effective each tended to be and why, and how the advantages of each might be obtained by combining elements of each into a more complex design that balanced competing tendencies.
The prevailing theme among these writers was that the design of constitutions is not completely arbitrary or a matter of taste.
They generally held that there are underlying principles of design that constrain all constitutions for every polity or organization.
Each built on the ideas of those before concerning what those principles might be.
The second is the constitution of society, an unwritten and commonly understood set of rules for the society formed by a social contract before it establishes a government, by which it establishes the third, a constitution of government.
The second would include such elements as the making of decisions by public conventions called by public notice and conducted by established rules of procedure.
Each constitution must be consistent with, and derive its authority from, the ones before it, as well as from a historical act of society formation or constitutional ratification.
Other writers have argued that such considerations apply not only to all national constitutions of government, but also to the constitutions of private organizations, that it is not an accident that the constitutions that tend to satisfy their members contain certain elements, as a minimum, or that their provisions tend to become very similar as they are amended after experience with their use.
Provisions that give rise to certain kinds of questions are seen to need additional provisions for how to resolve those questions, and provisions that offer no course of action may best be omitted and left to policy decisions.
Political economy theory regards constitutions as coordination devices that help citizens to prevent rulers from abusing power.
If the citizenry can coordinate a response to police government officials in the face of a constitutional fault, then the government have the incentives to honor the rights that the constitution guarantees.
An alternative view considers that constitutions are not enforced by the citizens at-large, but rather by the administrative powers of the state.
Because rulers cannot themselves implement their policies, they need to rely on a set of organizations (armies, courts, police agencies, tax collectors) to implement it.
In this position, they can directly sanction the government by refusing to cooperate, disabling the authority of the rulers.
Most constitutions seek to regulate the relationship between institutions of the state, in a basic sense the relationship between the executive, legislature and the judiciary, but also the relationship of institutions within those branches.
For example, executive branches can be divided into a head of government, government departments/ministries, executive agencies and a civil service/administration.
Most constitutions also attempt to define the relationship between individuals and the state, and to establish the broad rights of individual citizens.
A codified constitution is one that is contained in a single document, which is the single source of constitutional law in a state.
Codified constitutions are often the product of some dramatic political change, such as a revolution.
The process by which a country adopts a constitution is closely tied to the historical and political context driving this fundamental change.
The legitimacy (and often the longevity) of codified constitutions has often been tied to the process by which they are initially adopted and some scholars have pointed out that high constitutional turnover within a given country may itself be detrimental to separation of powers and the rule of law.
States that have codified constitutions normally give the constitution supremacy over ordinary statute law.
That is, if there is any conflict between a legal statute and the codified constitution, all or part of the statute can be declared ultra vires by a court, and struck down as unconstitutional.
In addition, exceptional procedures are often required to amend a constitution.
These procedures may include: convocation of a special constituent assembly or constitutional convention, requiring a supermajority of legislators' votes, the consent of regional legislatures, a referendum process, and/or other procedures that make amending a constitution more difficult than passing a simple law.
Constitutions may also provide that their most basic principles can never be abolished, even by amendment.
In case a formally valid amendment of a constitution infringes these principles protected against any amendment, it may constitute a so-called unconstitutional constitutional law.
Codified constitutions normally consist of a ceremonial preamble, which sets forth the goals of the state and the motivation for the constitution, and several articles containing the substantive provisions.
The terms written constitution and codified constitution are often used interchangeably, as are unwritten constitution and uncodified constitution, although this usage is technically inaccurate.
This change would require a constitutional amendment in most nations.
An entrenched constitution cannot be altered in any way by a legislature as part of its normal business concerning ordinary statutory laws, but can only be amended by a different and more onerous procedure.
There may be a requirement for a special body to be set up, or the proportion of favourable votes of members of existing legislative bodies may be required to be higher to pass a constitutional amendment than for statutes.
The entrenched clauses of a constitution can create different degrees of entrenchment, ranging from simply excluding constitutional amendment from the normal business of a legislature, to making certain amendments either more difficult than normal modifications, or forbidden under any circumstances.
A codified constitution will incorporate the rules which must be followed for the constitution itself to be changed.
In some states the text of the constitution may be changed; in others the original text is not changed, and amendments are passed which add to and may override the original text and earlier amendments.
In a nation with a federal system of government the approval of a majority of state or provincial legislatures may be required.
Details are to be found in the articles on the constitutions of the various nations and federal states in the world.
In constitutions that are not entrenched, no special procedure is required for modification.
The sovereign is nominally the head of state with important powers, such as the power to declare war; the uncodified and unwritten constitution removes all these powers in practice.
In practice democratic governments do not use the lack of entrenchment of the constitution to impose the will of the government or abolish all civil rights, as they could in theory do, but the distinction between constitutional and other law is still somewhat arbitrary, usually following historical principles embodied in important past legislation.
An amendment of a constitution that is made consistently with that constitution, except that it violates the absolute non-modifiability, can be called an unconstitutional constitutional law.
Ultimately it is always possible for a constitution to be overthrown by internal or external force, for example, a revolution (perhaps claiming to be justified by the right to revolution) or invasion.
There are three basic types of distribution of sovereignty according to the degree of centralisation of power: unitary, federal, and confederal.
In a unitary state, sovereignty resides in the state itself, and the constitution determines this.
The territory of the state may be divided into regions, but they are not sovereign and are subordinate to the state.
Sovereignty is divided between the centre and the constituent regions.
Each of the regions may in turn have its own constitution (of unitary nature).
To some extent a group of states which do not constitute a federation as such may by treaties and accords give up parts of their sovereignty to a supranational entity.
Some constitutions include additional branches, such as an auditory branch.
Constitutions vary extensively as to the degree of separation of powers between these branches.
The president is accountable to the people in an election.
In turn the prime minister will resign if the government loses the confidence of the parliament (or a part of it).
Confidence can be lost if the government loses a vote of no confidence or, depending on the country, loses a particularly important vote in parliament, such as vote on the budget.
When a government loses confidence, it stays in office until a new government is formed; something which normally but not necessarily required the holding of a general election.
While such documents may express respect for human rights or establish an independent judiciary, they may be ignored when the government feels threatened, or never put into practice.
The example demonstrates that the protections and benefits of a constitution are ultimately provided not through its written terms but through deference by government and society to its principles.
A constitution may change from being real to a facade and back again as democratic and autocratic governments succeed each other.
A constitutional violation is an action or legislative act that is judged by a constitutional court to be contrary to the constitution, that is, unconstitutional.
An example of constitutional violation by the executive could be a public office holder who acts outside the powers granted to that office by a constitution.
An example of constitutional violation by the legislature is an attempt to pass a law that would contradict the constitution, without first going through the proper constitutional amendment process.
Football delivers a high level of excitement and requires skill and energy from its players.
It relies on volunteers for its success and all money raised is used to benefit the club and the surrounding community.
His work appears posthumously in his regular two-page science section due to the enormous amount of work he left behind.
The gun was not successful in service since it took four or five minutes to load and fire.
These engines had been developed as a result of the introduction of steel in boiler manufacture, which in turn had led to higher steam pressures.
As the trees grow taller in denser forest, they lose their lower branches, such that the foliage may start high off the ground.
Douglas firs in environments with more light may have branches much closer to the ground.
The female cones are pendulous, with persistent scales unlike true firs.
It is often present in large numbers, and can cause the foliage to turn yellowish from the damage it causes.
Exceptionally, trees may be partially defoliated by it, but the damage is rarely this severe.
The buds have been used to flavor eau de vie, a clear, colorless fruit brandy.
He grew up there and for a time pursued a career as a soldier.
Once he finds the diamonds, he will kill her too.
He was known to carry a scratch pad to make notes about fishing conditions.
He was also an expert marksman and champion skeet shooter.
He was one of several skiers from that era who would "climb the rope" in order to get greater height on a jump.
This practice is banned in the sport today because of its extreme danger.
They claim to be "defending the values of human dignity, freedom, justice and solidarity".
Their main goal is to raise minimum pensions to the national minimum wage.
Other goals are promoting transparency in the public sector, preventing corruption and cronyism, securing free health and education for ordinary people, non-discrimination on the grounds of age, race, religion and gender and separating political power from economic power.
It began as a small elementary school and has slowly grown to encompass a middle school program.
Students at this institution have the chance to learn directly from the original art displayed at the museum.
These cells play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of chronic inflammatory diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis.
They lose the property called contact inhibition (cells arrest their growth in the case when more cells come into contact with each other), and they also lose the growth dependency on adhesive surfaces; both these phenomena contribute to the increase in the number of fibroblast-like synoviocytes in the inflammatory tissue and are also typical for example for the growth of cancerous cells.
He had accompanied his wife there after her diagnosis with leprosy.
Rapport is a close and harmonious relationship in which the people or groups concerned are "in sync" with each other, understand each other's feelings or ideas, and communicate smoothly.
For example, they may realize that they share similar values, beliefs, knowledge, or behaviors around politics, music or sports.
This may also mean that the participants engage in reciprocal behaviors such as posture mirroring or in increased coordination in their verbal and nonverbal interactions.
There are a number of techniques that are supposed to be beneficial in building rapport such as: matching your body language (i.e., posture, gesture, etc.
In conversation, some verbal behaviors associated with increased rapport are the use of positivity (or, positive "face management"), sharing personal information of gradually increasing intimacy (or, "self-disclosure"), and by referring to shared interests or experiences.
Rapport has been shown to have benefits for psychotherapy and medicine, negotiation, and education, among others.
In each of these cases, the rapport between members of a dyad (e.g.
These methods include coordination, showing your attentiveness to the other, building commonality, and managing the other's self-perception (also called "face" management).
You must apply the skill of being a good listener in this situation so as you can listen for key words and problems that arise when speaking with the person.
This attentiveness may take the form of nonverbal attentiveness, such as looking at the other person, nodding at appropriate moments, or physical proximity, as seen in work on teachers' "immediacy" behaviors in the classroom.
This attentiveness might also be demonstrated through reciprocation of nonverbal behaviors like smiling or nodding, similar to the coordination or in the reciprocal sharing of personal details about the other person that signal one's knowledge and attentiveness to their needs.
This is done through references to shared interests, dislikes, and experiences.
By sharing personal details or self-disclosing personal preferences or information, interlocutors can build commonality and thus increase rapport.
According to some psychologists, we have a need to be seen in a positive light, known as our "face".
By managing each other's "face", boosting it when necessary, or reducing negative impacts to it, we are able to build rapport with others.
In education, teacher-student rapport is predictive of students' participation in the course, their course retention, likelihood to take a course in that domain again, and has sometimes been used to predict course outcomes.
Some have argued that teacher-student rapport is an essential element of what makes an effective teacher, or the ability to manage interpersonal relationships and build a positive, pro-social, atmosphere of trust and reduced anxiety.
Student-student rapport, on the other hand, while largely out of the teacher's ability to control, is also predictive of reduced anxiety in the course, feelings of a supportive class culture, and improved participation in class discussions.
In negotiation, rapport is beneficial for reaching mutually beneficial outcomes, as partners are more likely to trust each other and be willing to cooperate and reach a positive outcome.
However, others have found that interpersonal rapport in negotiation can lead to unethical behavior, particularly in impasse situations, where the interpersonal rapport may influence the negotiators to behave unethically.
Though this is the most common approach, it suffers from unreliability of self-report data, such as the issue of separating participants' reflection on a single interaction with their relationship with the other person more broadly.
To address these issues, others have used a third-party observer to give a rating of the rapport to a particular segment of the interaction, often called a "slice".
Other recent work uses techniques from computer vision, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to computationally detect the level of rapport between members of a dyad.
It is used to concentrate the music, finding the essence in a motive, a harmonic progression or in a structural complex created by the composer.
The interest in the decorative arts at the opening of the twentieth century attracted other members who were significant craftspeople.
They undertake research, hold forums and conferences, publish articles, and bring people from the civil society sector together.
The library development is now a cooperative project hosted by sourceforge.
He is right-handed, but originally learned to play bass guitar on a left-handed model.
As a result, he plays with the strings "upside down" (i.e., with the lowest-pitched string on the bottom and the highest-pitched one on top), counter to normal practice.
The novel explores the relationships between these central characters, paying specific attention to the passing of time, the interplay between the past and the present, and the bonds formed by young, old, and parental love.
Her death years later impacted each of them in an unique way.
Jane, on the other hand, wishes to work on the relationship instead of giving up.
These conflicts leave both characters debating the sustainability of their relationship, as well as how they ended up together in the first place.
Elizabeth is restless in her marriage and concerned about her husband's increasing secrecy.
Andrew comes from a wealthy family, and partially as a result, has jumped from job to job throughout his life, never forming a true career.
Elizabeth remained unaware of this affair until the present day.
A movie is being made about her life throughout the novel, which factors prominently in the plot.
Their relationship is contrasted with those of their parents throughout the novel.
It is a coupled system of linear ordinary differential equations.
For theoretical purposes, the integral equation version is often very useful.
If a non-zero solution is desired, the imaginary part of the eigenvalue cannot change sign; accordingly, most researchers take the imaginary part to be positive.
The sum is called the magic constant or magic sum of the magic square.
Thus, although magic squares may contain negative integers, they are just variations by adding or multiplying a negative number to every positive integer in the original square.
However, in some places, "magic squares" is used as a general term to cover both the normal and non-normal ones, especially when non-normal ones are under discussion.
Moreover, the term "magic squares" is sometimes also used to refer to various types of word squares.
At various times they have acquired magical or mythical significance, and have appeared as symbols in works of art.
In modern times they have been generalized a number of ways, including using extra or different constraints, multiplying instead of adding cells, using alternate shapes or more than two dimensions, and replacing numbers with shapes and addition with geometric operations.
In magic square theory, all of these are generally deemed equivalent and the eight such squares are said to make up a single equivalence class.
Then all magic squares of a given order have the same moment of inertia as each other.
According to the legend, thereafter people were able to use this pattern in a certain way to control the river and protect themselves from floods.
The magical operations involve engraving the appropriate square on a plate made with the metal assigned to the corresponding planet, as well as performing a variety of rituals.
It will, in particular, help women during a difficult childbirth.
In a magical context, the term magic square is also applied to a variety of word squares or number squares found in magical grimoires, including some that do not follow any obvious pattern, and even those with differing numbers of rows and columns.
Next reflection of this magic square also displays the same property.
Magic squares can be classified into three types: odd, doubly even (n divisible by four) and singly even (n even, but not divisible by four).
Group theory was also used for constructing new magic squares of a given order from one of them.
Cross-referenced to the above sequence, a new classification enumerates the magic tori that display these magic squares.
After that, the fundamental movement for filling the squares is diagonally up and right, one step at a time.
If a filled square is encountered, one moves vertically down one square instead, then continues as before.
When an "up and to the right" move would leave the square, it is wrapped around to the last row or first column, respectively.
Starting from other squares rather than the central column of the first row is possible, but then only the row and column sums will be identical and result in a magic sum, whereas the diagonal sums will differ.
Moving in directions other than north east can also result in magic squares.
The resulting square is also known as a mystic square.
Numbers are then either retained in the same place or interchanged with their diametrically opposite numbers in a certain regular pattern.
In the magic square of order four, the numbers in the four central squares and one square at each corner are retained in the same place and the others are interchanged with their diametrically opposite numbers.
Go left to right through the square counting and filling in on the diagonals only.
It is possible to count the number of choices one has based on the truth table, taking rotational symmetries into account.
This requires a lot of puzzling, but can be done.
For a better understanding of the constructing decompose the squares as described above, and see how it was done.
In this process an initial population of squares with random values is generated.
The fitness scores of these individual squares are calculated based on the degree of deviation in the sums of the rows, columns, and diagonals.
The population of squares reproduce by exchanging values, together with some random mutations.
Those squares with a higher fitness score are more likely to reproduce.
The fitness scores of the next generation squares are calculated, and this process continues until a magic square is found or a time limit is reached.
Puzzle solving centers on analyzing the initial given values and possible values of the empty squares.
One or more solution arises as the participant uses logic and permutation group theory to rule out all unsuitable number combinations.
If not only the main diagonals but also the broken diagonals sum to the magic constant, the result is a panmagic square.
A magic square in which the number of letters in the name of each number in the square generates another magic square is called an alphamagic square.
For example, a multiplicative magic square has a constant product of numbers.
Going up in dimension results in magic cubes and other magic hypercubes.
Possible magic shapes are constrained by the number of equal-sized, equal-sum subsets of the chosen set of labels.
But the number of distinct normal magic squares rapidly increases for higher orders.
The number of magic tori and distinct normal squares is not yet known for any higher order.
Algorithms tend to only generate magic squares of a certain type or classification, making counting all possible magic squares quite difficult.
The probability that a randomly generated matrix of numbers is a magic square is then used to approximate the number of magic squares.
Using these methods it has been shown that the probability of magic squares decreases rapidly as n increases.
Using fitting functions give the curves seen to the right.
The figure below shows the stamps featuring the nine magic squares chosen to be in this collection.
In addition to other characters, each episode has a guest, who mocks an international or national politician.
He tended to some of the casualties and made a statement about the events.
The observatory was the first organisation to assess the medical effects of public policy.
Ten years later, a network of public health observatories was set up.
He received a letter from his primary care trust advising him that it was "inappropriate for individuals to raise their personal concerns about the proposed government reforms" leading to questions being asked in parliament.
Ashton said that in countries where the age of consent was lower, teenage pregnancies were also lower.
Ashton believes work related stress is a major mental health issue.
He also said the international community needed to address the conditions of squalor in which epidemics can thrive.
The act of accessing may mean consuming, entering, or using.
Locks and login credentials are two analogous mechanisms of access control.
There may be fences to avoid circumventing this access control.
An alternative of access control in the strict sense (physically controlling access itself) is a system of checking authorized presence, see e.g.
The term access control refers to the practice of restricting entrance to a property, a building, or a room to authorized persons.
Physical access control can be achieved by a human (a guard, bouncer, or receptionist), through mechanical means such as locks and keys, or through technological means such as access control systems like the mantrap.
Within these environments, physical key management may also be employed as a means of further managing and monitoring access to mechanically keyed areas or access to certain small assets.
Physical access control is a matter of who, where, and when.
An access control system determines who is allowed to enter or exit, where they are allowed to exit or enter, and when they are allowed to enter or exit.
When a door is locked, only someone with a key can enter through the door, depending on how the lock is configured.
Mechanical locks and keys do not allow restriction of the key holder to specific times or dates.
Mechanical locks and keys do not provide records of the key used on any specific door, and the keys can be easily copied or transferred to an unauthorized person.
When a mechanical key is lost or the key holder is no longer authorized to use the protected area, the locks must be re-keyed.
Electronic access control uses computers to solve the limitations of mechanical locks and keys.
A wide range of credentials can be used to replace mechanical keys.
The electronic access control system grants access based on the credential presented.
When access is granted, the door is unlocked for a predetermined time and the transaction is recorded.
When access is refused, the door remains locked and the attempted access is recorded.
The system will also monitor the door and alarm if the door is forced open or held open too long after being unlocked.
The control panel compares the credential's number to an access control list, grants or denies the presented request, and sends a transaction log to a database.
When access is denied based on the access control list, the door remains locked.
If there is a match between the credential and the access control list, the control panel operates a relay that in turn unlocks the door.
The control panel also ignores a door open signal to prevent an alarm.
Credentials can be passed around, thus subverting the access control list.
In addition, a fourth factor of authentication is now recognized: someone you know, whereby another person who knows you can provide a human element of authentication in situations where systems have been set up to allow for such scenarios.
For example, a user may have their password, but have forgotten their smart card.
In such a scenario, if the user is known to designated cohorts, the cohorts may provide their smart card and password, in combination with the extant factor of the user in question, and thus provide two factors for the user with the missing credential, giving three factors overall to allow access.
The typical credential is an access card or key-fob, and newer software can also turn users' smartphones into access devices.
Biometric technologies include fingerprint, facial recognition, iris recognition, retinal scan, voice, and hand geometry.
The built-in biometric technologies found on newer smartphones can also be used as credentials in conjunction with access software running on mobile devices.
At its most basic, there is a stand-alone electric lock.
The lock is unlocked by an operator with a switch.
To automate this, operator intervention is replaced by a reader.
The reader could be a keypad where a code is entered, it could be a card reader, or it could be a biometric reader.
Readers do not usually make an access decision, but send a card number to an access control panel that verifies the number against an access list.
To monitor the door position a magnetic door switch can be used.
In concept, the door switch is not unlike those on refrigerators or car doors.
In cases where exit is also controlled, a second reader is used on the opposite side of the door.
Request-to-exit devices can be a push-button or a motion detector.
When the button is pushed, or the motion detector detects motion at the door, the door alarm is temporarily ignored while the door is opened.
Exiting a door without having to electrically unlock the door is called mechanical free egress.
In cases where the lock must be electrically unlocked on exit, the request-to-exit device also unlocks the door.
This look-up can be done by a host or server, by an access control panel, or by a reader.
The development of access control systems has seen a steady push of the look-up out from a central host to the edge of the system, or the reader.
The look-up and control functions are by the control panel.
Some manufactures are pushing the decision making to the edge by placing a controller at the door.
This is the most popular type of access control readers.
Semi-intelligent readers: have all inputs and outputs necessary to control door hardware (lock, door contact, exit button), but do not make any access decisions.
If the connection to the main controller is interrupted, such readers stop working, or function in a degraded mode.
Intelligent readers: have all inputs and outputs necessary to control door hardware; they also have memory and processing power necessary to make access decisions independently.
The control panel sends configuration updates, and retrieves events from the readers.
Access control readers may also be classified by their type of identification technology.
High reliability and security as the communication line is not shared with any other systems.
Therefore, in large systems, transfers of configuration, and users to controllers may take a very long time, interfering with normal operations.
Sub-controllers usually do not make access decisions, and instead forward all requests to the main controllers.
The overall cost of the system is lower, as sub-controllers are usually simple and inexpensive devices.
In case one of the main controllers fails, events from its sub-controllers are not retrieved, and functions that require interaction between sub-controllers (i.e.
Some models of sub-controllers (usually lower cost) do not have the memory or processing power to make access decisions independently.
If the main controller fails, sub-controllers change to degraded mode in which doors are either completely locked or unlocked, and no events are recorded.
Such sub-controllers should be avoided, or used only in areas that do not require high security.
Main controllers tend to be expensive, therefore such a topology is not very well suited for systems with multiple remote locations that have only a few doors.
All door hardware is connected directly to intelligent or semi-intelligent readers.
Readers usually do not make access decisions, and forward all requests to the main controller.
Only if the connection to the main controller is unavailable, will the readers use their internal database to make access decisions and record events.
Semi-intelligent reader that have no database and cannot function without the main controller should be used only in areas that do not require high security.
All advantages and disadvantages are the same as the ones listed in the second paragraph.
In spite of the rapid development and increasing use of computer networks, access control manufacturers remained conservative, and did not rush to introduce network-enabled products.
Creates additional work for installers: usually terminal servers have to be configured independently, and not through the interface of the access control software.
There are also additional delays introduced in the process of conversion between serial and network data.
The topology is nearly the same as described in the second and third paragraphs.
The same advantages and disadvantages apply, but the on-board network interface offers a couple of valuable improvements.
Transmission of configuration and user data to the main controllers is faster, and may be done in parallel.
This makes the system more responsive, and does not interrupt normal operations.
The disadvantages introduced by terminal servers (listed in the fourth paragraph) are also eliminated.
Communication with the controllers may be done at the full network speed, which is important if transferring a lot of data (databases with thousands of users, possibly including biometric records).
This ability is important in large systems, because it serves to reduce network traffic caused by unnecessary polling.
Simplifies installation of systems consisting of multiple sites that are separated by large distances.
Access controllers and workstations may become accessible to hackers if the network of the organization is not well protected.
This threat may be eliminated by physically separating the access control network from the network of the organization.
This feature makes it very easy to provide battery backed power to the entire system, including the locks and various types of detectors (if used).
Often the legitimate user will hold the door for the intruder.
This risk can be minimized through security awareness training of the user population, or more active means such as turnstiles.
In very high security applications this risk is minimized by using a sally port, sometimes called a security vestibule or mantrap, where operator intervention is required presumably to assure valid identification.
The second most common risk is from levering a door open.
This is relatively difficult on properly secured doors with strikes or high holding force magnetic locks.
Fully implemented access control systems include forced door monitoring alarms.
These vary in effectiveness, usually failing from high false positive alarms, poor database configuration, or lack of active intrusion monitoring.
Most newer access control systems incorporate some type of door prop alarm to inform system administrators of a door left open longer than a specified length of time.
In order to mitigate risk from natural disasters, the structure of the building, down to the quality of the network and computer equipment vital.
In shared tenant spaces the divisional wall is a vulnerability.
A vulnerability along the same lines is the breaking of sidelights.
Spoofing locking hardware is fairly simple and more elegant than levering.
A strong magnet can operate the solenoid controlling bolts in electric locking hardware.
The hacker simply walks by the user, reads the card, and then presents the number to a reader securing the door.
This is possible because card numbers are sent in the clear, no encryption being used.
Many access control credentials unique serial numbers are programmed in sequential order during manufacturing.
Known as a sequential attack, if an intruder has a credential once used in the system they can simply increment or decrement the serial number until they find a credential that is currently authorized in the system.
Ordering credentials with random unique serial numbers is recommended to counter this threat.
Finally, most electric locking hardware still have mechanical keys as a fail-over.
A more narrow definition of access control would cover only access approval, whereby the system makes a decision to grant or reject an access request from an already authenticated subject, based on what the subject is authorized to access.
Authentication and access control are often combined into a single operation, so that access is approved based on successful authentication, or based on an anonymous access token.
Authentication methods and tokens include passwords, biometric scans, physical keys, electronic keys and devices, hidden paths, social barriers, and monitoring by humans and automated systems.
Subjects and objects should both be considered as software entities, rather than as human users: any human users can only have an effect on the system via the software entities that they control.
In some models, for example the object-capability model, any software entity can potentially act as both subject and object.
For example, a system administrator may create a hierarchy of files to be accessed based on certain permissions.
For example, the access to a certain service or data source can be granted or declined on the personal behavior, e.g.
For example, security clearance of users and classification of data (as confidential, secret or top secret) are used as security labels to define the level of trust.
For example, a human resources specialist should not have permissions to create network accounts; this should be a role reserved for network administrators.
Example of this would be only allowing students to use the labs during a certain time of day.
A technique used to define or restrict the rights of individuals or application programs to obtain data from, or place data onto, a storage device.
The definition or restriction of the rights of individuals or application programs to obtain data from, or place data into, a storage device.
That function performed by the resource controller that allocates system resources to satisfy user requests.
The goal is to establish a clear separation between interface (visible and accessible parts of the class) and implementation (internal representation and helper methods).
Also known as data hiding, it ensures exclusive data access to class members (both variables and methods) and protects object integrity by preventing corruption by a client programmer/ client classes.
Rule of thumb is to use the more restrictive access level for your data, unless there is a compelling reason to expose it.
In object-oriented programming, access control is typically implemented using access modifiers in the object or class.
These are the keywords which allow a programmer to establish access levels to classes and class members (both data and methods).
Their exact use in each programming language is varied, depending on the language philosophy, but there are more similarities than differences.
Therefore, they can only be used on their current object.
In some languages there are mechanisms to override access modifies to gain access to the private components of an object.
This race consisted of four lengths of the pool, one each in backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly and freestyle swimming.
We're here to revive the spirit and the economics and bring in a wave of energy that has lately dissipated.
The neighborhood is considered to be a red-light district, because of its prostitution.
This discovery led to an influx of businesses to the area.
Almost half of the population lives below the federal poverty line.
It consists primarily of older apartment buildings with a smaller number of semi-detached multi-unit row houses.
It offers piers for fishing, sites for launching canoes and kayaks, and a floating swimming pool during the summer.
There are also volleyball and basketball courts, a small amphitheater, and restroom facilities.
The market consists of four buildings, each one-third of a mile in length.
Due to the lucrative drug trade in the area, many drug addicts reside in the community.
Five levels of community and youth development programs operate during the fall and spring academic semesters and over the summer.
At the time it was known for burned out buildings, crime, poverty and drugs.
This program aims to give local residents a personal and financial stake in the management of their local environment.
However, the party continued to exist through various party cells.
The slave force is exterminated when they are of no further value.
The jungle is also hostile, with large fungoid plants, which attack humans and only retreat when exposed to light.
There were several changes made from his original proposal in the finished serial.
It was originally planned for the band to appear as themselves, but under heavy "aging" make-up, to represent themselves in the future.
The model number indicates the wing area in square metres.
The landing gear system consists of a pair of skids.
The entire system is designed for rapid deployment and can be airborne within two minutes after taking out of storage.
It is one of the oldest girls school of the country.
He has participated in lengthy fasts, actions of nonviolent civil disobedience, and tax refusal along with voluntary simplicity.
An approaching train did not stop, and struck the veterans.
They built the stage on some old railroad tracks using a generator for power.
Their show was filmed by police from a tower just inside the base.
Described as having possessed a "stern character", she showed him no mercy, and promptly gave orders for his decapitation, after having summoned the children of her dead brother to witness the execution.
This movie received widespread attention and was a critical and commercial success.
She said she did it to reduce the stigma associated with breastfeeding and to encourage infant nutrition.
Wolverhampton were pleased with this 'promotion' and saw the only meeting where supporters had been 'locked out'.
The picture on the cover did not help in identifying him.
While the album could be classified as jazz, it's conservative and should have wide appeal.
His solos, which are fully interactive with the orchestrations, are models of grace, economy, and lyricism of the highest order, flashing in and out of the texture of the orchestrations with a quicksilver fluidity and a coursing force that is always perfectly allied with perfect lucidity.
When believers faced difficulty, they would write their concerns and send them to his deputy.
The deputies also collected zakat and khums on his behalf.
The situation led to the increase in the role of deputies.
Therefore, those who propose a certain time for it are liars.
As to the benefit of my existence in occultation, it is like the benefit of the sun behind the clouds where the eyes do not see it.
In conjunction with an electric guitar amplifier, a power attenuator is used to divert and dissipate some or all of the amplifier's excess or unneeded power in order to reduce the volume of sound produced by the speaker.
Under such a condition, the amplifier will produce at or near its maximum output power.
The resulting volume level, however, may be considered unsuitable for many playing conditions.
By reducing the amount of power delivered to the speaker, power attenuators reduce to desired levels the volume of sound produced by the amplifier, without altering the quality of the tone that is being sought.
The most common approach to power attenuation is the 'power soaker' approach.
In a 'power soaker', a portion of the power is absorbed by the power attenuator (which is placed in circuit between the output transformer and the guitar speaker), while the remaining portion of the output power is directed to the speaker.
There is debate about whether reactive attenuators do a better job of preserving a guitar amplifier's tone.
A guitar amplifier power attenuator may also offer a line-level output jack for sending the distortion-processed signal through an effects chain, to a recording console, or for the purpose of re-amplifying signal through a larger or smaller amplifier.
If the amplifier is designed to accommodate being driven continuously at full power, the use of an attenuator will neither increase nor reduce the potential of damage to the amplifier.
Tommy despised both his abusive father and his frail, submissive mother, who came from poverty and willingly endured every abuse dealt to her and her son to keep her lavish lifestyle.
As far as the rest of the world was concerned, his mother had died of a household accident.
Hush agreed, and then immediately escaped after being told that the surgery had been a success.
His past as a surgeon was made into a major aspect of his modus operandi.
Hush, wounded but alive, limped off to plot his next move.
Elliot also seems to be obsessed with mystery and subterfuge, preferring to operate from the shadows and having cast doubts over his own identity and motivations several times.
Hush's greatest asset is his talent for thinking like his opponents and for using their abilities against them.
Hush is also able to perform plastic surgery on himself, using minimal anesthetic and sheer force of will.
Terry grimly notes that the lack of a body means they can only think the clone is dead rather than being sure of it.
He can be unlocked after rescuing all the civilian hostages throughout the game.
He uses two handguns as weapons, and can build objects and shoot faster than other characters.
When left idle, he raises his hand to his mouth and makes a "hush" expression.
He appears as a boss fight and an unlockable playable character.
Bruce agrees to call him back later, unaware of his old friend's vendetta.
Rodriguez mentions that her work was "on the tone of his contemporaries".
She also made pictures of dead infants, something common at the time, but she place the body next to a skull.
The daguerreotypes, nitrocellulose flexible film negatives, glass plates and paper prints, show a playful and not stigmatized universe.
Rupert has since been included in several children's music compilation albums.
Beadle won the case and was eventually acquitted of all plagiarism charges.
The typeface differs from other realist sans-serifs in its organic shapes and subtle transitions of stroke width, all contributing to a less severe, humanist tone of voice.
For use in headlines, it was designed with condensed and extra-condensed styles.
A filter cake is formed by the substances that are retained on a filter.
The filter cake grows in the course of filtration, becomes "thicker" as particulate matter is being retained.
With increasing layer thickness the flow resistance of the filter cake increases.
After a certain time of use the filter cake has to be removed from the filter, e.g.
If this is not accomplished, the filtration is disrupted because the viscosity of the filter cake gets too high, thus too little of the mixture to be filtered can pass through the filter cake and the filter plugs.
After they go their separate ways, the man raises his daughter alone.
The version used in the promo video is slightly sped up compared to the album version.
The result is a higher pitched vocal and shorter length time.
Although the garrison was well-supplied it was insufficient to man all the walls and was overwhelmed after a siege lasting six weeks.
A figure space is a typographic unit equal to the size of a single typographic figure (numeral or letter), minus leading.
Its size can fluctuate somewhat depending on which font is being used.
It has the same width as a digit and keeps the number together for the purpose of line breaking.
At one point, he was ranked as a top-ten pound for pound fighter.
He won the fight via submission in the second round.
The fight was closely contested throughout, providing back and forth action, both standing and on the ground.
Already as a child she evinced an interest in politics, hanging around the steps of the county courthouse while listening to legal discussions, and sometimes sneaking inside to watch the court proceedings.
She continued to teach, unusual for a married woman at the time; she and her husband hired a tutor to help educate their children so that she could work.
One of her first acts was to close many small schools and consolidate students under five districts; she then created a governing board with representatives from each of them.
She combated nepotism on the county board of education, firing some trustees.
As a legislator her economic record was somewhat liberal for the time, but she was quite socially conservative; she opposed divorce and favored "stricter marriage laws".
She also supported the legalization of gambling on horse races.
She believed in the expansion of women's roles in public life, and favored fair treatment for blacks as well.
Most of the bills which she introduced were on matters relating to her home county, as was the one speech which she gave from the floor during her time in office.
She was known for her independent spirit, refusing to align herself with any factions in the legislature, and she strove to get along with her colleagues, though she was not above criticizing them at times.
She kept her interest in state and local politics until the end of her life; one of her last acts was to vote, which she did by absentee ballot the day before her death.
She also remained interested in educational issues; though she could not attend her eldest daughter's high school graduation, she attempted to remain involved.
Today it houses several county departments, and a copy of the state house portrait hangs in its entryway.
The rest of the commune area consists of old dunes, where the natural forest has changed little over centuries.
The journal covers dance, theatre, music, performance art, visual art, popular entertainment, media, sports, rituals, and performance in politics and everyday life.
In the humanities, too often peer review leads to the publication of articles that support whatever notions are popular/stylish at the time".
Nyack village still incorporated, too, although without this northern portion.
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
The airfield was then turned over to civil authorities as an airport.
To use the sortable tables: click on the icons at the top of each column to sort that column in alphabetical order; click again for reverse alphabetical order.
The village is regarded as picturesque and scenic and is attracting both domestic and international tourism.
There is a small and busy village centre built around the main square adjacent to the beach which has a fresh fish market, tropical palm trees, and several beach restaurants (barracas).
Sand dunes behind the village also create a thermal effect that boost the wind speed.
Cumbuco is ideal destination for kite vacation for beginners and advanced kiteboarders.
To achieve its goals, the center built up a network of biotech experts and supported the development of laboratories in academic institutions.
In preparing the country for biotechnology, its successes included biotechnology policy development, intellectual property management, biosafety guidelines, raising public awareness, and educating people about biotech and its applications.
While its new technologies and discoveries have been transferred and applied for the benefit of private companies and the public, especially in rural communities, enhancement of the competency of personnel in the biotechnology field remains its focus.
Some laboratories act as stand-alone research centers in their own right, while others are collaborative ventures set up jointly with government agencies and universities.
Rankings are based on a team's performance, with more recent results and more significant matches being more heavily weighted to help reflect the current competitive state of a team.
The exchanges are based on the match result, the ranking of each team, and the margin of victory, with an allowance for home advantage.
As the system aims to depict current team strengths, past successes or losses will fade and be superseded by more recent results.
Thus, it is thought that it will produce an accurate picture depicting the actual current strength and thus rank of the nations.
A rating stays the same until the team plays again.
Although matches often result in points exchanges, 'predictable' results lead to very minor changes, and may result in no change to either side's rating.
All other full international matches are treated the same, to be as fair as possible to countries playing a different mix of friendly and competitive matches.
Matches that do not have full international status do not count.
Thus match results are more important than margins of victory in producing accurate rankings.
This results in the home side gaining fewer points for winning and losing more points for losing.
Because of this, any advantage that a side may have by playing in front of their home crowd is cancelled out.
Countries that have not played a test for two years are removed from the ranking system and the list.
If they become active again, they resume their previous rating.
The pair returned with an updated business plan that outlined two phases for the company's development.
They would start by selling computer modules as stand-alone devices that could be purchased separately and wired together to produce a number of different digital systems for lab use.
They were then connected together using banana plug patch cords inserted at the front of the modules.
The racks were themselves packaged into a single large mainframe case, with a hexagonal control panel containing switches and lights mounted to lay at table-top height at one end of the mainframe.
Above the control panel was the system's standard input/output solution, a punch tape reader and writer.
A variety of more-expensive add-ons followed, including magnetic tape systems, punched card readers and punches, and faster punch tape and printer systems.
This would mean the machine would spend more time accessing memory, which would slow it down.
This allowed a new device to be added easily, generally only requiring plugging a hardware interface board into the backplane and possibly adding a jumper to the wire wrapped backplane, and then installing software that read and wrote to the mapped memory to control it.
The design was later expanded to allow paged physical memory and memory protection features, useful for multitasking and time-sharing.
At that time this was mainstream policy, because most computer software was either bought from the company that built the computer or custom-constructed for one client.
Ethernet replaced token ring, and went on to become the dominant networking model in use today.
It was during this time that the company branched out development into a wide variety of projects that were far from its core business in computer equipment.
Decisions about what to do about this threat led to infighting within the company that seriously delayed their responses.
They occupied themselves mainly with crafts in bone, wood, amber, and iron; fishing, animal husbandry, and trading.
Until then, it had been customary for crusaders to serve for a year and then return home.
Albert's knitting of ecclesiastical and secular interests under his person began to fray.
She appeared at court concerts and festivities as a singer and harpsichord player.
Today, it is used for wedding ceremonies and as a cultural venue.
The chapel of the mansion has been protected as a cultural monument.
The first of these was a large wooden giraffe which stood at approximately five metres in height.
Prior to this date visitors had been able to ascend to a lookout tower on the head of the structure.
Stairs incorporated inside the rocking horse lead to three viewing platforms: one at the head, one on the saddle, and a third on the "rocker bows" near the base of the structure.
The factory sells a large range of wooden toys and souvenirs, while the wildlife park (which covers approximately seven acres), features a number of native and introduced species, including emus and kangaroos.
Anyone can freely and easily join it to gain access to large amount of computational power and run parallel applications.
This computational power is provided by the idle resources of all participants, and is shared in a way that makes those who contribute more get more when they need.
Currently, the platform can be used to run any application whose tasks (i.e.
During the processing of jobs, it acts as the grid coordinator, scheduling the execution of tasks and doing all the necessary data transfer to and from grid machines.
Due to its central role, grid configuration and management, as well as job specification, is done on the home machine.
It also provides some basic support for instrumentation and fault handling.
It was taken the morning of the first day of the fire.
I found that my hand cameras had been so damaged by the falling plaster as to be rendered useless.
On the right is a house, the front of which had collapsed into the street.
The occupants are sitting on chairs calmly watching the approach of the fire.
Groups of people are standing in the street, motionless, gazing at the clouds of smoke.
When the fire crept up close, they would just move up a block.
It is hard to believe that such a scene actually occurred in the way the photograph represents it.
Enormous clouds of smoke ominously approach, buildings' facades have collapse from the quake, and residents stand and sit in the street, in a stupor, calmly watching the approaching fire.
It is one of the cleanest rivers in the country.
The two storey building was covered by a gentle sloped hipped roof.
To the south there was an arboretum and plant nursery.
On the western side there was a tower and a gardening house.
Built onto the rear of the house was a polygonal tower with spiral staircase.
The polygonal tower with stairway and the tower to the west were removed.
A winter garden, with a pergola above it, was built onto the rear of the villa.
A pillared portico was placed in front of the main entrance.
Above the structure of the hip roof a parapet was drawn in and installed as fixed-point mounting.
The quintessential walls were roughcast and clad with cast iron and iron mouldings.
The portico at the front entrance was replaced by a two storey cast iron pavilion, the projecting roof being used as a balcony.
To the rear the winter garden and pergola were replaced by a three axe cast iron open hall way that was encased with artificial marble.
The stairway was replaced and finished with elaborate iron rolling bars, the room arrangement remained unaltered.
The two cast iron verandas on either side of the house were removed, but all the other cast iron prefabricated units and the inner decorations were carefully restored.
In the lower floor various demolition works were carried out and new toilets for the coffee house were installed, while the unused arched cellar and basements were rebuilt so that they could be utilized.
The tower heating furnace, previously removed and stored in the basement, was reinstalled in the parlour.
The entrance hall, the three axe cast iron hallway and the entire first floor were left unaltered, but ceilings, walls and floors were redecorated.
In the attic area the walls were demolished, the hipped roof had windows built in, and it was insulated.
Three seminar rooms and a central zone with restrooms then were created there.
The stadium features a swimming pool and a cricket academy.
Spatial tense is a grammatical category that refers to the indication of the place of an event, analogue to the use of the more common category of grammatical tense to indicate the time of an event.
When present, they are marked by particles that may appear in different parts of the sentence according to the emphasis the speaker wants to convey.
The spatial tense morphemes show position and/or distance relative to the speaker.
The difference between spatial tense and the use of words and phrases like "here", "to the left", "at a short distance ahead", etc., lies in the fact that these phrases are simply lexical items, while spatial tense is a grammatical category of the verb (more properly speaking, the predicate).
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The creators cited this episode as their favorite and response to it has become warmer since.
The prank played by the airing of this episode was revisited a number of times in subsequent episodes.
The first satellite was lost and the second suffered from reduced life.
He is widely credited with pioneering the more aggressive, acerbic and attention-grabbing form of the genre, which has since been adopted by generations of sports media personalities, and bringing it to a multinational listening audience.
Arguably the most popular host on the station, he was popular for his extensive knowledge, outspoken opinions, gruff demeanor and rude banter with callers.
The station even held a press conference to herald his homecoming, but management dropped him after a year.
His expertise in the law field focuses on white-collar crime.
She also sings some of the original music of the series.
Pins took too long to reset when knocked down, so they were eventually fixed to the table, and holes in the bed of the table became the targets.
Quite a number of variations on this theme were developed.
The highlight of the party was a new table game featuring a slender table and cue sticks, which players used to shoot ivory balls up an inclined playfield.
A public lecture is given by the artist and a bookmark is designed in honor of the recipient.
A fish ladder is parallel to the waterfall to allow for the migration of fish.
The waterfall may be viewed from the bottom of the fish ladder or from a bridge that runs over the top of the waterfall.
After retiring from competition he became a national rowing coach.
Total score was the sum of the lifter's best result in each of the snatch and the clean and jerk, with three lifts allowed for each lift.
In case of a tie, the lighter lifter won; if still tied, the lifter who took the fewest attempts to achieve the total score won.
Lifters without a valid snatch score did not perform the clean and jerk.
Shabby genteel, and a compulsive talker, she is memorably insulted on one occasion by the book's heroine, to the latter's almost immediate remorse.
Many of the clues to the book's intrigue are in fact artfully concealed and revealed within her verbose patter.
Her speech is overtly a recognition of her grateful dependence on her neighbours, but it can also be seen, in its overwhelming impact on all other discourses, as almost tyrannical in its passive-aggressive self-assertion.
She declined, but agreed to marry him when he returned.
Both shared a love of learning for the sake of learning.
Instead, their father tried hard to give them distinctive first names.
He traveled widely on church business, but always sent back many letters and often brought presents home.
His gifts stimulated his children's curiosity and exposed them to a world beyond their immediate surroundings.
The helicopter was made of bamboo, cork, paper and powered by rubber bands.
It was the last time he would move his family.
However, a minority refused to accept the changes, claiming they weren't valid since they weren't approved by the full membership.
Wright was the only bishop to side with the minority.
Since they were in the minority, they had to rebuild from scratch; nearly all of the congregations who sided with the minority lost their property.
In the final, she was reportedly leading when she hit a hurdle and fell over the final hurdle, suffering a disqualification.
It is named after a large square in the northern city center.
The area is characterized by a high population density and is also considered one of the city's deprived areas.
Recently she had taken time off from work for medical treatment.
Breach of contract is a legal cause of action and a type of civil wrong, in which a binding agreement or bargained-for exchange is not honored by one or more of the parties to the contract by non-performance or interference with the other party's performance.
Breach occurs when a party to a contract fails to fulfill his or her obligation as described in the contract, or communicates an intent to fail the obligation or otherwise appears not to be able to perform his or her obligation under the contract.
Suppose a homeowner hires a contractor to install new plumbing and insists that the pipes, which will ultimately be hidden behind the walls, must be red.
The contractor instead uses blue pipes that function just as well.
Although the contractor breached the literal terms of the contract, the homeowner cannot ask a court to order the contractor to replace the blue pipes with red pipes.
The homeowner can only recover the amount of his or her actual damages.
In this instance, this is the difference in value between red pipe and blue pipe.
Since the color of a pipe does not affect its function, the difference in value is zero.
Therefore, no damages have been incurred and the homeowner would receive nothing.
However, had the pipe colour been specified in the agreement as a condition, a breach of that condition would constitute a "major" breach.
For example, when a contract specifies time is of the essence and one party to the contract fails to meet a contractual obligation in a timely fashion, the other party could sue for damages for a major breach.
A breach of contract will constitute a material breach if the term of the contract that has been breached is a condition.
This is an objective test of the parties' intention at the time of formation of the contract.
If the contractor in the above example had been instructed to use copper pipes, and instead used iron pipes that would not last as long as the copper pipes would have lasted, the homeowner can recover the cost of actually correcting the breach - taking out the iron pipes and replacing them with copper pipes.
The law does not favor tearing down or destroying something that is valuable (almost anything with value is "valuable").
In this case, significant destruction of the house would be required to completely replace the pipes, and so the law is hesitant to enforce damages of that nature.
In most cases of breach, a party to the contract simply fails to perform one or more terms.
In those cases, the breaching party should have already considered the cost to perform those terms and thus "keeps" that cost when they do not perform.
That party should not be entitled to keep that savings.
However, in the pipe example the contractor never considered the cost of tearing down a house to fix the pipes, and so it is not reasonable to expect them to pay damages of that nature.
Most homeowners would be unable to collect damages that compensate them for replacing the pipes, but rather would be awarded damages that compensate them for the loss of value in the house.
In addition that party is entitled to sue for damages.
However, a unique feature of anticipatory breach is that if an aggrieved party chooses not to accept a repudiation occurring before the time set for performance, not only will the contract continue on foot, but also there will be no right to damages unless and until an actual breach occurs.
The story surrounds a school that is well liked by its students notably because of its many eccentric teachers.
However, the students must make a good grade on a standardized test (which turns out in the end to be a revising test on multiple subjects they regularly learn) lest they be sent to an adjacent school, which requires uniforms to be worn and is incredibly dull.
Subsequent funding rounds came from the founders and members of the original venture investment team.
Examples of such networks would be nationwide surveillance solutions with probes installed at the key service providers and gateways, critical, secure government networks, or large communications service providers.
In an interview, she said she was unfazed by the attention, though she found much of it "rather condescending".
Members made their own, often colorful, costumes: robes, masks and conical hats, designed to be terrifying and to hide their identities.
It seriously weakened the black political establishment through its use of assassinations and threats of violence; it drove some people out of politics.
The national headquarters made its profit through a monopoly of costume sales, while the organizers were paid through initiation fees.
They burned houses, and attacked and killed black people, leaving their bodies on the roads.
Klan members used violence to settle old personal feuds and local grudges, as they worked to restore general white dominance in the disrupted postwar society.
To that end they worked to curb the education, economic advancement, voting rights, and right to keep and bear arms of blacks.
Many of them operated in small towns and rural areas where people otherwise knew each other's faces, and sometimes still recognized the attackers by voice and mannerisms.
When they killed black political leaders, they also took heads of families, along with the leaders of churches and community groups, because these people had many roles in society.
Masked men shot into houses and burned them, sometimes with the occupants still inside.
Klan violence worked to suppress black voting, and campaign seasons were deadly.
Each man wore a long white robe and his face was covered by a loose mask with scarlet stripes.
She was ordered to get up and dress which she did at once and then admitted to her room the captain and lieutenant who in addition to the usual disguise had long horns on their heads and a sort of device in front.
The lieutenant had a pistol in his hand and he and the captain sat down while eight or ten men stood inside the door and the porch was full.
They treated her "gentlemanly and quietly" but complained of the heavy school-tax, said she must stop teaching and go away and warned her that they never gave a second notice.
The defendants were given from three months to five years of incarceration with fines.
It had created a sensation by the dramatic nature of its masked forays and because of its many murders.
It recommended that persons who had been victimized should seek relief in state courts, which were entirely unsympathetic to such appeals.
The organizer kept half the money and sent the rest to state or national officials.
The local units operated like many fraternal organizations and occasionally brought in speakers.
Many nationally and regionally prominent churchmen did condemn it by name, and none endorsed it.
It appealed to new members based on current social tensions, and stressed responses to fears raised by defiance of prohibition and new sexual freedoms.
This non-alliance strategy was also valuable as a recruiting tool.
If the movement had aligned itself with a single political party, it would have substantially narrowed its pool of potential recruits.
As new populations poured into cities, rapidly changing neighborhoods created social tensions.
In some states, historians have obtained membership rosters of some local units and matched the names against city directory and local records to create statistical profiles of the membership.
Sales of the costumes provided the main financing for the national organization, while initiation fees funded local and state organizers.
Its lighting during meetings was often accompanied by prayer, the singing of hymns, and other overtly religious symbolism.
After weeks of stalemate and bitter argumentation, both candidates withdrew in favor of a compromise candidate.
He pushed for increased education funding, better public health, new highway construction, and pro-labor legislation.
They were uninterested in, or perhaps even unaware of, grass roots concerns within the movement.
They targeted both blacks and whites for violations of racial norms and for perceived moral lapses.
This led to a strong backlash, beginning in the media.
Almost all the major national newspapers and magazines were hostile to its activities.
It consisted of fairly well educated middle-class joiners and community activists.
The white men worked in mining and steel industries, with access to these materials.
In some cases they used physical violence, intimidation and assassination directly against individuals.
Some of the bombing victims were social activists whose work exposed them to danger, but most were either people who refused to bow to racist convention or were innocent bystanders, unsuspecting victims of random violence.
Klan members drove up with arms in their car trunks, and attacked marchers.
The panelists are five "writers who are known to be doing great work in their genre or field".
There were five honorable mentions in the non-fiction category only.
The weather on the first day was very wet, rain falling heavily all day.
The one concession to the war was the inclusion of an air-raid shelter in the basement of the building.
The name reflects their decision to have the house face the hill and the trees of the garden behind it, rather than the street.
The larger apartments on each side of each floor of the building have a window and small balcony facing the street, but the three one-room apartments face only the garden.
He had a particular liking for the concept of a house closed off to the streets, with an atrium inside.
By inference, the first floor had three apartments, and the entrance from the street through to the garden.
The roof terrace and its structures apparently were not replaced after the war.
The staircase was incorporated in a cylinder of glass blocks that let light into the hallway on each floor.
Another feature, unusual for the time, was that the building housed an underground garage.
A tenant, arriving by car, could drive down a ramp that led through a tunnel to the garage, which was separate from the rest of the building, and which was under the garden.
Someone arriving by car could park in the garage and then reach their apartment either by the staircase or by a lift that went from the basement to the fourth floor.
Initially the company offered a web-based instant messenger service, extending its offer in more general online chat and even social networking directions.
File transfer and videoconferencing features were subsequently added to the application.
The application maintained a single unified contact list for all user's accounts, attributing contacts to instant messaging protocols by placing protocols' logos in front of them, although not showing contact's avatars.
The latter is one of the highest colony mean body mass for any living species of shorebird.
The rest belonged to other faiths or adhered to none.
The book has an accompanying website  with some excerpts, author biographies and a roundup of events in the subprime mortgage crisis that occurred after the book was printed.
The pellets are a neater, simpler form for handling, with reduced dust.
The tournaments are played on a rectangular flat surface, commonly referred to as a tennis court.
Tennis is played on a variety of surfaces and each surface has its own characteristics which affect the playing style of the game.
He had been hospitalized in his final months as he experienced a serious health decline complicated by diabetes.
He enjoys participating in outdoor activities such as hiking in the mountains and horseback riding.
At this same time, by coincidence, human-generated environmental activity stirs a prehistoric sea-beast from its underwater keep to come ashore.
Yale's core program has always stressed design as a fundamental discipline.
A recent book on the subject documents the extraordinary breadth and significance of the work produced by students, many of whom went on to become renowned architects and educators.
Only recently have the design professions embraced this wider field of study, spurred by the movement towards sustainability and inter-disciplinarity.
The fortifications have evolved over the centuries in response to changes in tactics and technology and the area defended has increased.
Evidence suggests that simple earthworks were constructed and reconstructed around the settlement in response.
Four years later, a second wooden tower was added on the opposite side of the harbour.
There is, however, some question as regards the extent to which it was meant to be a defensive structure.
One tower was positioned on the corner where the wall extending from the saluting platform met the wall running along the southeast rampart of the town.
The southeast rampart was also equipped with what appears to be a firing platform, while another tower was constructed on the corner where the ramparts to the south east and the northeast of the town met.
Finally, the wall to the north of the town had a tower at each end one where it joined the northeast wall and one where it met the sea.
Other works including improving the various towers with some of them developing into bastions.
The saluting platform also saw some rebuilding work during this period.
Another development during this period is that an increasing number of the names used for the fortifications survived until the present day.
During this time there also appears to have seen a fair amount of repair work.
A second moat was also added with a new defensive line being constructed between the two moats.
While the towns defences were being strengthened some thought appears to have been given to their aesthetic appearance.
The fortification consisted of an earthen rampart with a single bastion and two demi-bastions.
Its teeth were continually replacing and packed into dental batteries that contained hundreds of teeth, only a relative handful of which were in use at any time.
Plant material would have been cropped by its broad beak, and held in the jaws by a cheek-like organ.
The term "stable" refers to a group of wrestlers in an ongoing alliance, often under a single manager.
Heenan notoriously disliked the term, stating that "a stable is a place where you keep a bunch of fly-infested horses", and instead referred to his collective wrestlers as his "family".
Heenan appeared at ringside during the bout, seemingly surprising both teams, the referee, and the commentators.
Although he often changed sides, no act of treachery is imputed to him, nor did he subject the territories he passed through to the rapine and exactions practiced by other soldiers of fortune.
It became a favourite place for people to meet and talk.
This was met with hostile views from many local residents, concerned with the environmental impact and the increased traffic around the village.
In the preliminary round, the top three teams in each group advanced to second round.
The nine teams advancing to the second round were divided into three groups of three teams each.
The three group winners and the best second-place team advanced to the semifinals.
This system was created for both entertainers and talent buyers.
Inside, the barrels of gunpowder were discovered hidden under piles of firewood and coal.
Through this process, a privately held company transforms into a public company.
Initial public offerings are mostly used by companies to raise the expansion of capital, possibly to monetize the investments of early private investors, and to become publicly traded enterprises.
A company selling shares is never required to repay the capital to its public investors.
Details of the proposed offering are disclosed to potential purchasers in the form of a lengthy document known as a prospectus.
Underwriters provide several services, including help with correctly assessing the value of shares (share price) and establishing a public market for shares (initial sale).
Alternative methods such as the dutch auction have also been explored.
A company selling common shares is never required to repay the capital to its public investors.
Those investors must endure the unpredictable nature of the open market to price and trade their shares.
Once a company is listed, it is able to issue additional common shares in a number of different ways, one of which is the follow-on offering.
This method provides capital for various corporate purposes through the issuance of equity (see stock dilution) without incurring any debt.
This ability to quickly raise potentially large amounts of capital from the marketplace is a key reason many companies seek to go public.
The company offering its shares, called the "issuer", enters into a contract with a lead underwriter to sell its shares to the public.
The underwriter then approaches investors with offers to sell those shares.
Upon selling the shares, the underwriters retain a portion of the proceeds as their fee.
The spread is calculated as a discount from the price of the shares sold (called the gross spread).
A member of the syndicate is entitled to the underwriting fee and the concession.
A broker dealer who is not a member of the syndicate but sells shares would receive only the concession, while the member of the syndicate who provided the shares to that broker dealer would retain the underwriting fee.
Usually, the lead underwriter in the main selling group is also the lead bank in the other selling groups.
This option is always exercised when the offering is considered a "hot" issue, by virtue of being oversubscribed.
The red herring prospectus is so named because of a bold red warning statement printed on its front cover.
The warning states that the offering information is incomplete, and may be changed.
During the quiet period, the shares cannot be offered for sale.
Brokers can, however, take indications of interest from their clients.
The central issue in that enforcement agreement had been judged in court previously.
The investment firms involved in the settlement had all engaged in actions and practices that had allowed the inappropriate influence of their research analysts by their investment bankers seeking lucrative fees.
Either the company, with the help of its lead managers, fixes a price ("fixed price method"), or the price can be determined through analysis of confidential investor demand data compiled by the bookrunner ("book building").
If a stock is offered to the public at a higher price than the market will pay, the underwriters may have trouble meeting their commitments to sell shares.
Even if they sell all of the issued shares, the stock may fall in value on the first day of trading.
If so, the stock may lose its marketability and hence even more of its value.
This could result in losses for investors, many of whom being the most favored clients of the underwriters.
The process of determining an optimal price usually involves the underwriters ("syndicate") arranging share purchase commitments from leading institutional investors.
This auction method ranks bids from highest to lowest, then accepts the highest bids that allow all shares to be sold, with all winning bidders paying the same price.
When the quiet period is over, generally the underwriters will initiate research coverage on the firm.
A three-day waiting period exists for any member that has acted as a manager or co-manager in a secondary offering.
A "stag" is a party or individual who subscribes to the new issue expecting the price of the stock to rise immediately upon the start of trading.
Thus, stag profit is the financial gain accumulated by the party or individual resulting from the value of the shares rising.
At present, the number of genera in this family is under debate.
This led her increasingly to examine the uses of silver at the table.
On release, the album was received negatively by the majority of music critics.
In retrospect, perhaps that is exactly what we should have done".
The weather of the city is very warm in summer and temperatures are moderate in winter.
By this stage the tumors was deemed to be inoperable and so he was forced to live in pain until his death a few months later.
The school's outdoor sporting facilities include an oval, a netball court, a basketball court (within the same enclosure), two cricket nets and a cricket pitch.
Since then, the band has split, due to work and university commitments.
The school's students are divided into four houses for these carnivals and points are given to each house based on student participation and placement in each event.
One point was awarded to the archer scoring the highest score at each distance as well as one point was awarded for the most hit on target at each distance.
Two points were awarded to the archer scoring the highest total score as well as two points were awarded for the most total targets hit.
Ties were broken on total score, and then on total targets hit.
Women should wear floor-length evening dress or mess dress; tartan sashes are encouraged.
Moreover, men wore full evening tartan while women were dressed in while, with a tartan sash.
Nearly all are nickel, with less than a handful known manufactured in blue.
So, while it looks and feels like an old-west "cowboy" gun, it has metallurgy common to more modern revolvers.
Because it is a revolver with so few moving parts, however, disassembly in this case is limited to simply removing the cylinder from the main revolver body.
During this transition, calculations were still performed either by hand or by those individuals who could run computer programs.
It did not eliminate departments, as much as it merged departments and empowered draftsman, designers and engineers.
It can also be used to design objects such as jewelry, furniture, appliances, etc.
Using four properties which are history, features, parameterization, and high level constraints.
The construction history can be used to look back into the model's personal features and work on the single area rather than the whole model.
Parameters and constraints can be used to determine the size, shape, and other properties of the different modeling elements.
Also its stress, strain, timing or how the element gets affected in certain temperatures, etc.
These provide an approach to the drawing process without all the fuss over scale and placement on the drawing sheet that accompanied hand drafting, since these can be adjusted as required during the creation of the final draft.
Each line has to be manually inserted into the drawing.
The final product has no mass properties associated with it and cannot have features directly added to it, such as holes.
Basic three-dimensional geometric forms (prisms, cylinders, spheres, and so on) have solid volumes added or subtracted from them, as if assembling or cutting real-world objects.
Two-dimensional projected views can easily be generated from the models.
Any future modifications can be made by changing how the original part was created.
If a feature was intended to be located from the center of the part, the operator should locate it from the center of the model.
The feature could be located using any geometric object already available in the part, but this random placement would defeat the design intent.
If the operator designs the part as it functions the parametric modeler is able to make changes to the part while maintaining geometric and functional relationships.
With direct modeling once a sketch is used to create geometry the sketch is incorporated into the new geometry and the designer just modifies the geometry without needing the original sketch.
As with parametric modeling, direct modeling has the ability to include relationships between selected geometry (e.g., tangency, concentricity).
Top end systems offer the capabilities to incorporate more organic, aesthetics and ergonomic features into designs.
Freeform surface modeling is often combined with solids to allow the designer to create products that fit the human form and visual requirements as well as they interface with the machine.
A geometry constraint engine may also be employed to manage the associative relationships between geometry, such as wireframe geometry in a sketch or components in an assembly.
Unexpected capabilities of these associative relationships have led to a new form of prototyping called digital prototyping.
In contrast to physical prototypes, which entail manufacturing time in the design.
Depending on the nature of the business, digital or physical prototypes can be initially chosen according to specific needs.
The human-machine interface is generally via a computer mouse but can also be via a pen and digitizing graphics tablet.
Circuit design theory, or power network methodology would be algebraic, symbolic, and often vector-based.
The designers of these very early computers built utility programs so that programmers could debug programs using flow charts on a display scope with logical switches that could be opened and closed during the debugging session.
They found that they could create electronic symbols and geometric figures to be used to create simple circuit diagrams and flow charts.
Over time efforts would be directed toward the goal of having the designers drawings communicate not just with shops but with the shop tool itself.
Only large corporations could afford the computers capable of performing the calculations.
As computers became more affordable, the application areas have gradually expanded.
The original roads at the center of the town formed a compact semicircle, which allowed the residents to quickly reach the garrison house in case of attack.
The second threat came from wolves, which were plentiful, and which killed the livestock and dug in the graveyard.
The original residents were given one small house lot near the center of town, and one larger planting lot just outside the center for farming.
Families also owned large sections of "sweepage lots" near the beach, where apparently they harvested the salt marsh hay.
At the time, the area was almost entirely unbroken virgin forest, which had to be cleared for the construction of houses and the planting of fields.
It developed into a thriving summer resort, lined with hotels, restaurants, shops, cottages, arcades and amusement parks.
Much of the town is covered by marshes, especially in the eastern part of town.
Avionics cooling, smoke detection, and fire suppression are also commonly considered part of an aircraft's environmental control system.
The temperature and pressure of this bleed air varies according to which compressor stage is used, and the power setting of the engine.
A certain minimum supply pressure is needed to drive the air through the system, but it is desired to use as low a supply pressure as possible, because the energy the engine uses to compress the bleed air is not available for propulsion, and fuel consumption suffers.
When the engine is at low pressure (low thrust or high altitude), the air is drawn from the highest pressure bleed port.
To achieve the desired temperature, the bleed-air is passed through a heat exchanger called a pre-cooler.
Air bled from the engine fan is blown across the pre-cooler, located in the engine strut, and absorbes excess heat from the service bleed air.
The aircraft packs are located in the "wing to body fairing" between the two wings beneath the fuselage.
A normally closed "isolation valve" prevents air from the left bleed system from reaching the right pack (and vice versa), although this valve may be opened in the event of loss of one bleed system.
The bleed air enters the primary "ram air heat exchanger", where it is cooled by either ram air, expansion or a combination of both.
The cold air then enters the compressor, where it is re-pressurized, which reheats the air.
A pass through the secondary "ram air heat exchanger" cools the air while maintaining the high pressure.
The air then passes through a turbine which expands the air to further reduce heat.
Similar in operation to a turbo-charger unit, the compressor and turbine are on a single shaft.
The energy extracted from the air passing through the turbine is used to power the compressor.
The sock retains the dirt and oil from the engine bleed air to keep the cabin air cleaner.
This water removal process prevents ice from forming and clogging the system, and keeps the cockpit and cabin from fogging on ground operation and low altitudes.
Nearly all jetliners use a modulating door on the ram air inlet to control the amount of cooling airflow through the primary and secondary ram air heat exchangers.
To increase ram air recovery, nearly all jetliners use modulating vanes on the ram air exhaust.
A "ram air fan" within the ram system provides ram air flow across the heat exchangers when the aircraft is on the ground.
Air from the "mix manifold" is directed to overhead distribution nozzles  in the various "zones" of the aircraft.
A revolving control on the vent can be turned to adjust ventilation between no air output at all and a fairly substantial breeze.
Note that a lower cabin altitude is a higher pressure.
The cabin pressure is controlled by a "cabin pressure schedule", which associates each aircraft altitude with a cabin altitude.
The atmosphere at typical jetliner cruising altitudes is generally very dry and cold; the outside air pumped into the cabin on a long flight has the potential to cause condensation which might in turn cause corrosion or electrical faults, and is thus eliminated.
Although low cabin humidity has health benefits of preventing the growth of fungus and bacteria, the low humidity causes drying of the skin, eyes and mucosal membranes and contributes to dehydration, leading to fatigue, discomfort and health issues.
In one study the majority of flight attendants reported discomfort and health issues from low humidity.
Air cannot flow backwards through the engine except during a compressor stall (essentially a jet engine backfire), thus the bleed air should be free of combustion contaminants from the normal running of the aircraft's own engines.
However, on occasions carbon seals can leak oil (containing potentially hazardous chemicals) into the bleed air, in what is known in the industry as a "fume event".
This is generally dealt with quickly since failed oil seals will reduce the engine life.
Oil contamination from this and other sources within the engine bay has led to health concerns from some advocacy groups and has triggered research by several academic institutions and regulatory agencies.
However, no credible research has yielded evidence for the existence of a medical condition caused by fume events.
It was generally known that most of the texts had been translated, but were still not available to researchers.
Such reconstruction is unique in the sense that if the original photographs had been given to a hundred different researchers, a hundred different reconstructions would be made.
Subsets of the prime numbers may be generated with various formulas for primes.
There are known formulae to evaluate the prime-counting function (the number of primes below a given value) faster than computing the primes.
It is therefore sometimes called "the oddest prime" as a pun on the non-mathematical meaning of "odd".
This means all digits except the middle digit are equal.
As with many farms in the area, the family held a farm tenancy rather than owning the land themselves.
He also called for a return to the freedom and liberty of the subject enjoyed in pre-war years.
He called for more protection against disease in imported cattle.
As matters turned out, however, the marriage would last more than fifty years.
He became blind, lame, deaf, and increasingly frail and dependent for his day to day survival on his wife who had, in the meantime, retired from espionage and reinvented herself as a successful author.
Their highly scalable technology provides complete control over all retail business channels to increase profitability, facilitate growth and create operational efficiencies.
The area is clustered with commercial complexes, showrooms and shopping malls and has high traffic density.
As it is one of the busiest roads in the city, business tycoons of the city has established some major cloth emporiums and medical outlets here.
Even though the road is asphalt laid, there has been tremendous accidents reported for rash driving, bottlenecks and road blocks.
He finished runner-up three times and in third place three times.
Brown resumed his poker career despite having the rare cancer, only slowing down when he was no longer physically able to compete.
After his studies, he decided to go into the field of medical engineering.
The building consisted of a banking chamber, strongroom, manager's room, clerk's room and dining room on the ground floor and a drawing room and four bedrooms on the first floor.
The complex, on half an acre of land, also included a temporary brick kitchen, servant's rooms, outhouses and wooden stables.
The end bays of these five bay loggias project slightly from the face of the building and are surmounted by triangular pediments.
The end bays emphasise the two principal entrances of the building, the one to the northern end providing access to the ground floor, former banking chamber, and on the southern end providing access to the stair hall leading to the first floor.
The archways rest on rendered masonry imposts which taper gradually towards the arch supports giving the opening a complex curved shape.
Pilasters separate the openings and these rest on bases which, again, align with the top moulded course, frieze panel and dentilled cornice.
Ornate plasterwork of foliage arabesque with rosettes is found in the spandrels of the archways in the end bays of the first level.
The northern end, where access is provided to the ground floor, is fitted with a double multi panelled door of painted timber, flanked by side lights and all surmounted by a semi-circular fanlight.
The other entrance, at the southern end, and providing access to the stair hall is fitted with a double timber door of also of multi-panelled design, flanked by long thin window openings and surmounted by a semi-circular fanlight.
Generally the interior of the building is notable due to the high quality of early decorative elements, in particular excellent quality joinery and plasterwork.
The interior was planned to provide banking chamber and offices on the ground floor and a residence on the first floor and this layout is still able to be appreciated, despite changes particularly at the rear of the ground floor.
This room has a particularly ornate pressed metal ceiling divided into three sections with heavy beams clad with pressed metal.
Each section is decorated with moulded ribs dividing the surface of the ceiling into smaller planes decorated with panels of foliated moulding and ceiling roses.
The western wall of the former banking chamber has several large cut away openings making the room seem to extend into the rear of the building.
The archway separates the principal stair from the entrance area.
This is a dog-legged timber stair with turned balusters and turned newels at the landings and at the base and top.
The hallway has a timber boarded ceiling, plaster cornice and frieze rail, dado rails and timber skirting.
The former drawing room, now a meeting room, is a large room in the north-eastern corner of the building with two pairs of french doors opening onto the first floor loggia.
This is the largest room on the floor and has a timber boarded ceiling with timber strip mouldings creating a geometric pattern over the timber boards and skirting boards.
The bedroom has a detailing similar to that of the drawing room but the other rooms on this floor have more simple timber boarded ceilings and less substantial detailing.
The fire surround is constructed from highly ornate, carved timber forming two fitted shelving units flanking the fireplace and supporting, with five overscaled timber brackets over the fireplace, a substantial timber mantle.
Several other chimney pieces in the building are derivative of these larger examples.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Lyrics can vary, but are typically introspective and surreal, and deal with the dark themes of isolation, gloom, disillusionment, loss, life, death, etc.
These songs about dead teenagers were noted for their morbid yet romantic view of death, spoken word bridges, and sound effects.
These songs used sound effects to create a creepy atmosphere, dealt with taboo subjects (such as cannibalism) in a humorous, often campy manner, and are still occasionally played at deathrock clubs.
During this time, these bands would play at the same venues as punk, hardcore and new wave bands.
In addition to clubs, the revival scene was centered on concerts, special events, parties, and horror movie screenings.
One is about to become married while the other has a stressful life.
They visit unforeseen places and construct their worlds together while having a reunion.
The school, along with the rest of the parish, recently underwent a large renovation, which created a long addition to the school.
The school has lacked a playing field throughout its history, though it does have a gym.
However, the parish has finished building a sports field on a purchase nearby plot of land for the school.
A new entrance was also built which compares interestingly with the previously erected signage nearby.
Scientific matters at this time were of little interest as exploration was mostly commercially and politically motivated.
Scientific fervour and intellectual curiosity at this time resulted in many voyages of scientific exploration around the world facilitated by technological innovations that included the theodolite, octant, precision clocks, as well as improvements in the compass, telescope, and general shipbuilding techniques.
Naturalists, including botanists and zoologists, were an integral part of these voyages and the new discoveries were recorded not only in their journals but by on-board illustrators and artists.
Among the naturalists on these colonial voyages of scientific exploration were gardener-botanists.
Their duty was to assist with the collection, transport, cultivation and distribution of economic plants.
They worked with the naturalists on these expeditions, mostly as botanical assistants, collecting live plants and seed, as well as plant specimens for herbarium collections.
They often maintained journals and records of their collections and made observations on the vegetation encountered during the voyage.
Their specialist skills as horticulturist-gardeners were often combined with a knowledge of botany as they cared for the economically important plant cargos, often living, on the long sea journeys.
Their lowly status as gardeners meant that their history has been overshadowed by that of their botanical supervisors.
He soon became editor of the newspaper, serving in that position for the rest of his life.
He argued that it was a mass voluntary consensus, the "concurrence of mankind", that gave currency its value as a medium of exchange, not the laws which enforce the usage of currency or the inherent worth of a currency's material composition (such as gold or silver).
This work also contained the earliest known research on price level changes and price indices.
Hundreds of millions of cats are kept as pets around the world.
Cats are also used in the fur trade, as food, and to control pests.
The ratio of pedigree/purebred cats to random-bred cats varies from country to country.
Cat fur is used in coats, gloves, hats, shoes, blankets and stuffed toys.
Because of common crossbreeding, many cats are simply identified as belonging to the homogeneous breeds of domestic longhair and domestic shorthair, depending on their type of fur.
This number represents about one in ten of all animal bites.
Many cat bites will become infected, sometimes with serious consequences such as cat-scratch disease, or, more rarely, rabies.
Allergic reactions to cat dander and/or cat saliva are common.
Whether the risk of developing allergic diseases such as asthma is increased or decreased by cat ownership is uncertain.
Some owners cope with this problem by taking allergy medicine, along with bathing their cats frequently, since weekly bathing will reduce the amount of dander shed by a cat.
There have also been attempts to breed hypoallergenic cats, which would be less likely to provoke an allergic reaction.
As well as posing health risks, interactions with cats may improve health and reduce physical responses to stress: for example the presence of cats may moderate increased blood pressure.
Cat ownership may also improve psychological health by providing emotional support and dispelling feelings of depression, anxiety and loneliness.
Their ability to provide companionship and friendship are common reasons given for owning a cat.
From another point of view, cats are thought to be able to improve the general mood of their owners by alleviating negative attitudes.
The researchers concluded that, while cats were not shown to promote positive moods, they do alleviate negative ones.
Several studies have shown that cats develop affection towards their owners.
However, the effect of these pets on human health is closely related to the time and effort the cat owner is able to invest in it, in terms of bonding and playing.
Cats, like humans, keep their muscles trim and their body flexible by stretching.
Additionally, such periodic scratching serves to clean and sharpen their claws.
Indoor cats may benefit from being provided with a scratching post so that they are less likely to use carpet or furniture, which they can easily ruin.
Commercial scratching posts typically are covered in carpeting or upholstery.
Using a plain wooden surface, or reversing the carpeting on the posts so that the rougher texture of the carpet backing, may be a more attractive alternative to the cat than the floor covering.
Scratching posts made of sisal rope or corrugated cardboard are also common.
Although scratching can serve cats to keep their claws from growing excessively long, their nails can be trimmed if necessary.
This is a surgical procedure to remove the claw and first bone of each digit of a cat's paws.
It should be cleaned daily and changed often, depending on the number of cats in a household and the type of litter; if it is not kept clean, a cat may be fastidious enough to find other locations in the house for urination or defecation.
This may also happen for other reasons; for instance, if a cat becomes constipated and defecation is uncomfortable, it may associate the discomfort with the litter box and avoid it in favor of another location.
Daily attention to the litter box also serves as a monitor of the cat's health.
Some cats can be trained to use the human toilet, eliminating the litter box and its attendant expense, unpleasant odor, and the need to use landfill space for disposal.
Many critics have tried to determine the exact nature of the evil hinted at by the story.
However, others have argued that the brilliance of the novella results from its ability to create an intimate sense of confusion and suspense within the reader.
The manuscript tells the story of how the young governess is hired by a man who has become responsible for his young nephew and niece after the deaths of their parents.
The governess travels to her new employer's country house and begins her duties.
Miles soon returns from school for the summer just after a letter arrives from the headmaster stating that he has been expelled.
Miles never speaks of the matter, and the governess is hesitant to raise the issue.
She fears there is some horrible secret behind the expulsion but is too charmed by the adorable young boy to want to press the issue.
Soon thereafter, around the grounds of the estate, the governess begins to see the figures of a man and woman whom she does not recognise.
These figures come and go at will without ever being seen or challenged by other members of the household, and they seem to the governess to be supernatural.
The result has been a longstanding critical dispute about the reality of the ghosts and the sanity of the governess.
The framing introduction and subsequent first-person narrative by the governess have been studied by theorists of fiction interested in the power of fictional narratives to convince or even manipulate readers.
The emphasis on old and mysterious buildings throughout the novella reinforces this motif.
James also relates the amount of light present in various scenes to the strength of the supernatural or ghostly forces apparently at work.
The following tables compare general and technical information for a number of notable file managers.
Twin-panel file managers have obligatory connected panels where action in one panel results in reaction in the second.
Konqueror supports multiple panels divided horizontally, vertically or both, but these panels do not act as twin panels by default (the user has to mark the panels he wants to act as twin-panels).
Some functions, such as browsing for servers or shares, might be implemented in the file manager even if most functions are implemented below the file manager.
In current practice, it is an optional award that students can study in addition to their degree proper.
The three-year course involves weekly lectures concerning theology, ethics and philosophy.
Successfully passing all the exams for three years (subject to specific exceptions e.g.
It was awarded in three classes with an undivided second class.
Also, its sleeves are cut square, that is, without the "crescent" shaping of the other universities.
He came closer to music through the cultural programme at schools and colleges.
How the two heroines help him in this quest and who wins his heart forms the crux of the story.
She is being surrounded by lush green fields and mountains but the college, or even the stage for that matter, is nowhere in sight.
She is on her way to sit for her college examinations.
He praises her amazing vocal skills and gives his gold crucifix chain as a gift.
This incident is one of the most important scenes in the movie.
David also impresses her mother with his gentlemanly manners which clearly failed to impress the audiences.
David starts a sermon about the greatness of the crucifix and gives it to the robbers for cleansing their sins.
But she also feels sorry for him and soon falls prey to his (charms?).
David is an aspiring automobile engineer whose dream is to manufacture a family car that is affordable by all.
It got highly negative reviews from the audience who watched the movie in the theaters.
The film released in only a few theaters and people who watched the movie without knowing about the film and sam cursed everyone including the theatre owners and distributors.
The range's climate is semi-desert hot during summer and cold in the winter.
This is only for an advanced refusal of treatment for when the person lacks mental capacity and must be considered to be valid and applicable by the medical staff concerned.
No family member has been convicted of helping them although some have been charged and have had to wait before hearing the charges have been dropped.
Two factors which point towards a prosecution not being in the public interest are that the victim had reached a voluntary, clear, settled and informed decision to commit suicide; and that the suspect was wholly motivated by compassion.
In this case, he is credited with vocals on a track without vocals.
It is a major seminary training students to become priests.
In addition, they are both significant predictors of various outcomes, such as educational achievement, occupational performance, and health.
However, the traditional view in psychology is that there is no meaningful relationship between personality and intelligence and they should be studied as separate entities.
Firstly, intelligence is considered to be a cognitive process, while personality is recognised as being non-cognitive, and this implies that there is a great distinction between personality and intelligence.
However, other psychologists argue that the distinction between cognitive and non-cognitive is vague because almost all personality traits have cognitive attributes, although they are more obvious in some traits than in others.
In addition, different methods are generally used to assess intelligence and personality.
Intelligence is normally measured by means of ability tests, whereas personality is usually assessed by means of questionnaires.
Therefore, different typical methods cannot prove that the relationship between intelligence and personality is a meaningless one.
Therefore, ability tests can provide indices of both maximal performance and typical behaviour.
Individuals with a high level of openness enjoy the experience of learning and prefer an intellectually stimulating environment.
Some psychologists have recently pointed out that previous instruments used to measure openness actually assessed two distinctive aspects.
The first is intellect, which reflects intellectual engagement and perceived intelligence and is marked by ideas, while the second is emotion, which reflects the artistic and contemplative qualities related to being engaged in sensation and perception and is marked by fantasy, aesthetics, feelings and actions.
On this basis, intellect was found to be associated with the neural system of the working memory, which is related to g, whereas openness was not.
In addition, according to a study of genetic behaviour, intellect is genetically closer to intelligence than openness.
Individuals with a lower level of intelligence are always assumed to tend to behave in an orderly fashion and do extra work, which is related to being conscientious, in order to compensate for their lower level of cognitive ability.
However, although intelligence has been observed to be negatively correlated with conscientiousness in some studies, others have not found this correlation to be significant and have even found a positive relationship.
Furthermore, some interaction has been found between conscientiousness and intelligence.
Conscientiousness has been found to be a stronger predictor of safety behaviour in individuals with a low level of intelligence than in those with a high level.
This interaction may also be found in educational and occupational settings in future studies.
Therefore, an increase in either conscientiousness or intelligence may clearly compensate for a deficiency in the other.
Although these studies have some differences, they all indicate that intelligence increases with a decrease in negative emotion.
However, some components of agreeableness have been found to be related to intelligence.
In addition, emotional perception and emotional facilitation, which are also components of agreeableness, have been found to be significantly correlated with intelligence.
Eggnog  ("egg nog'" or "egg-nog"), historically also known (when alcoholic beverages are added) as milk punch or egg milk punch, is a rich, chilled, sweetened, creamy dairy-based beverage traditionally made with milk, cream, sugar, whipped egg whites and egg yolks (which gives it a frothy texture, and its name) and, in some contexts, distilled spirits such as brandy, rum or bourbon.
During this period commercially prepared eggnog is sold in grocery stores in these countries.
Eggnog is also often home-made, using milk, eggs, sugar and flavourings.
While eggnog is often served chilled, in some cases it is served warmed, particularly on cold days (in a similar way to the way mulled wine is served warm).
Distilled spirits such as whiskey or rum are sometimes added to both commercially prepared eggnog and homemade eggnog.
Eggnog or eggnog flavoring may also be used in other drinks, such as coffee (e.g.
It distinguishes "plain egg nog", "egg milk punch", and "milk punch" from one another.
At the end, sugar, ambergris (a flavouring product that comes from the digestive tract of sperm whales) and animal musk are stirred in.
Eggnog is not the only mixed, sweetened alcohol drink associated with the winter season.
The recipe instructs cooks to "mix [the] liquor first, then separate yolks and whites of eggs, add sugar to beaten yolks, mix well.
Beat whites of eggs until stiff and fold slowly into mixture.
Some recipes call for the eggs to be separated so that the egg whites can be whipped until they are thick; this gives the drink a frothy texture.
It is technically just a stirred custard made of milk and egg".
Homemade recipes may use vanilla ice cream blended into the beverage, particularly when the goal is to create a chilled drink.
Some recipes call for condensed milk or evaporated milk in addition to milk and cream.
Various sweeteners are used, such as white sugar, brown sugar and maple syrup.
Traditional eggnog has a significant fat content, due to the use of cream, and a high sugar content.
Alcohol used in different national and regional versions of eggnog include brandy, cognac, bourbon, whiskey, sherry, rum and grain alcohol.
Concerns about the safety of raw eggs may be another reason for the decline in homemade eggnog making.
Ready-made eggnog versions are seasonally available with different spirits, or without alcohol, to be drunk as bought or used as "mixes" with all the ingredients except the liquor, to be added as desired.
Eggnog can be served in glasses, mugs or stemmed brandy snifters.
Eggnog may be served to guests already poured into a glass or other container, or it may be served in a punch bowl, so that guests can serve themselves.
For example, for rum, some recipes specify dark rum or spiced rum, for extra flavour.
This way designated drivers and people who do not drink alcohol can enjoy the drink alcohol-free, but other guests can add the type and/or amount of alcohol to suit their tastes.
When eggnog is served in a punchbowl, in some cases a "virgin" recipe (alcohol free) and an alcohol-spiked recipe will be served in two separate bowls, labelled so that guests can choose which one.
A very small percentage of raw eggs are infected with salmonella.
The cause was almost certainly an eggnog made on the spur of the moment, with some cases caused in a secondary outbreak caused by food being handled later by people with contaminated hands.
However, aged alcoholic eggnog becomes sterilized even if made with contaminated eggs.
Some recipes for homemade eggnog call for egg yolks to be cooked with milk into a custard to avoid potential hazards from raw eggs.
The high alcohol content of traditional "eggnog inevitably led to problems.
Alcohol possession at the academy was prohibited, along with drunkenness and intoxication, both of which could lead to expulsion.
Windows, furniture, and crockery were smashed; banisters were torn from walls, fights broke out.
The pre-packaged stuff is mostly made from high-fructose corn syrup, dairy fat, and a bunch of unlovable additives" and it recommends a "two-drink maximum" for health reasons.
While some are enthusiastic advocates of the beverage, others are critical of its taste or consistency.
Both the driver and the armed guard were brutally killed.
However all her jobs come to an end due to her interference, causing her employers no end of grief.
She also takes on the local council over the proposed closure of the community centre.
It was a marvellous opportunity to be known everywhere, although it totally changes your life.
But compared with the theatre or film it was lacking in job satisfaction because it was so quick.
For all other ties, they are broken via point differential from the games among the tied teams.
If they are still tied, point differential from all games will be considered.
For all other ties, they are broken via point differential from the games among the tied teams.
If they are still tied, point differential from all games will be considered.
The following page contains a list of different forms of solid waste treatment technologies and facilities employed in waste management infrastructure.
The company still has not finished liquidation also because of the legal proceedings brought against it that have not closed yet.
Many songs in the current repertoire still come from one of the previous bands' catalogs.
Playing in clubs, bars, coffee shops, and concert venues, the band focused on building a wide fanbase.
Canteen of high standard that caters to the culinary tastes of a diverse student population.
It is an old mining town with coal deposits of high quality coke.
A fire was started by the fighting which reduced the fort to ruins.
There is an irregular grey or dark grey spot in the disc at three-fourths.
The organisation provides the infrastructure to enable pharmacy practitioner peers to deliver professional education and training across a diverse range of practice interest areas (e.g.
The content is provided by coal face clinical practitioners and targeted at various levels of practice, from beginners to expert.
Its aim was, and continues to be, to support and encourage excellence, leadership and partnership within clinical pharmacy.
An image originates from a received input, which is elaborated in order to express a personal "point of view" that can be communicated through different means.
All creative processes are defined by the sequence: input, elaboration and output.
These three terms also describe the synthesis of the digital system.
Should this process not occur, the resulting image would be hurled in the void of 'professionalism' without culture.
It was a two-year course that prepared young people for the diverse trades related to image and communication, understood as professions holistically viewed through all senses.
The work of the students and teachers involved exercises, projects and lessons, and tended towards: a return to a sensitivity such that one can use the senses consistent with their expression; to contribute to knowledge and recognition of the inclinations of the students, safeguarding their originality and authenticity; to accompany and orient the choices of individual students; to create a good working team; to encourage interaction of diverse approaches and elaboration, rather than transmit a predefined knowledge; to define the relationship between ethics and aesthetics.
The school was set up on the principle of auto-determination and self-evaluation and therefore measured only the sense of responsibility, sociability, seriousness and authenticity of the students, who were selected for businesses through the realization of projects and an internship program, consistent with their aptitudes.
The school had an international vocation and welcomed students of various nationalities, facilitating and promoting a multicultural approach.
Signs are distinguished both in the direction they point, and in whether the palm faces the viewer or the signer.
For example, the manual syllables na, ni, ha are all made with the first two fingers of the hand extended straight, but for na the fingers point down, for ni across the body, and for ha toward the viewer.
The signs for te and ho are both an open flat hand, but in te the palm faces the viewer, and in ho it faces away.
The syllable yu represents the symbol for 'hot water' (yu) displayed at public bath houses.
All the modifications involve adding an element of motion to the sign.
That is, the voiced consonants are produced by moving the sign for the syllable with the corresponding unvoiced consonant to the side.
However, they did note that the action was well done and said it was the goriest of the series.
Among the hundreds of thousands numbered minor planets only a small fraction have received a name so far.
Most of these bodies are named for people, in particular astronomers, as well as figures from mythology and fiction.
Many minor planets are also named after places such cities, towns and villages, mountains and volcanoes; after rivers, observatories, as well as organizations, clubs and astronomical societies.
There are also several name conflicts with other astronomical objects, mostly with planetary satellites and among themselves.
In the beginning, for example, minor planets were named exclusively after female characters from mythology.
In the first two cases you need only modify the last argument of the address to the name or number of the minor planet.
As a community school, adult education classes, are held both in the school and in the dedicated community rooms.
Energy consumption results are published in the school news network.
It has become the most prestigious and desirable "academic" award in college football.
The trophy recognizes an individual as the absolute best in the country for his academic success, football performance and exemplary community leadership.
He thought that young men who combined athletic performance with academic excellence should be recognized.
Early reports indicated that he hit a man-made booby trap, but that ultimately proved to be incorrect information.
The foundation's focus is the safety of riders and racers in the off-road motorcycling industry.
While they understand the inherent elements of danger, they aim to help minimize it to the best of their ability.
The foundation has a three-part mission that encompasses safety precautions for riders before, during, and after a racing career.
During racing, they are committed to developing, establishing, and encouraging the use of safety equipment and policies to increase the safety of the riders.
After racing, they are committed to providing a safety net that allows and encourages former racers to further their education and reach career goals for themselves and their families.
Investigation of the wreckage revealed no indications of mechanical malfunction, the aircraft had enough fuel for another eight hours of flight, the weight and disposition of the payload was within allowable limits, and the weather was above minima.
She possessed a soprano voice of rare quality that was pleasing and in demand.
After the quarterfinals, the teams will be reseeded so the highest remaining seed plays the lowest remaining seed in the semifinals.
The university trains experts in the field of construction of buildings and special structures, engineering and technical systems and power industry.
It has a modern experimental base for testing various thermal-mechanical and power equipment, structures and construction materials, and carries out research and development activities.
The graduating students of the university fought heroically at all fronts of that war.
In present days, traditions about the unique quality of pedagogical qualification of professors and teachers are saved with punctilious care.
It features the band playing in a large white room with two small metal staircases on either side of a metal platform, with a smaller one in front of it which the drummer is seated on.
Over the course of the video, groups of diverse people can be seen singing along during the chorus.
The song ends with the groups surrounding the platform and dancing to the song.
There were several sports teams by the same name, but they no longer exist.
Moss is the oldest of four children, two younger brothers and one younger sister.
Each municipality was permitted to open some or all of its polling stations on the day before the nationwide election day.
These are awarded based on the election results in each county, and are unaffected by results in other counties.
Nineteen of the seats (one for each county) are leveling seats which are given to parties that win fewer seats than their share of the national popular vote entitles them to.
The system for apportioning seats is biased in favour of rural areas since the area of the county is a factor, but the system of compensation seats reduces the effect this has on final party strength.
The party's primary aim is to promote the interests of pensioners and elderly people.
The opposition parties criticized the sitting government for health care queues and not making more use of private providers, for failure to invest in infrastructure, and for high tax rates.
As their showings in polling rose, they began to face criticism for highly radical proposals.
Instead, their election website had shown her with pictures of hearts and of her smiling.
It also campaigned for abolishing the inheritance tax, means-testing for welfare recipients, tax incentives for private savings, simplifying procurement rules to make it easier for smaller businesses to offer for government tenders and the deregulation of alcohol sales.
All the main parties had strongly condemned both the attacks and the political ideology of the perpetrator.
Below is a month by month average of all opinion polls.
We are ready to put a new government in place".
Several commentators noted in half-jest that all the parties had won something from the election.
All three (other parties) will be tough negotiators in issues close to their hearts".
Together, they became historical as the first of their gender to have been officially employed in the then two-hundred-year-old history of the royal orchestra.
They were followed by five more women in the orchestra during the age of liberty.
The highway passes through open wheat and grazing lands and deeply wooded slopes, through country towns rich in gold rush history.
The album was a concept record that dealt with life in modern suburbia.
The group once again toured extensively behind the album, but frustrations grew between the band and the label.
Also that year, they played a short run of full-band acoustic shows where they showcased songs from their forthcoming album.
Her mother died when she was young, so she has been raised by her father and brothers and developed a forthright, outspoken personality as a result.
Despite lavish production values, the film received overwhelmingly negative reviews and was a box office disappointment.
However, he found the screenplay overbearing and would have liked to have seen more character development.
The barrel and bell are narrower (and thus lighter) than standard clarinets, and the keys are plated in black nickel to differentiate the clarinet's appearance from those with traditional silver-coloured keys.
The bore has several tapers and is manufactured to tolerances of hundreds of thousandths of an inch.
The right hand trill keys are above the gravity line to reduce the risk of water in the tone holes.
International legal personality is an important facet of international law.
It has developed throughout history as a means of international representation.
Personality has been given to states, corporations, non governmental organizations, international organizations, and individuals.
International law governs states and their relationships with one another.
Historically it was believed that states were the only actors in international law and therefore other entities were merely the responsibility of international law.
By gaining personality, they gain acknowledgment in the international legal community.
The amount of personality that an international actor has depends entirely upon state recognition.
Legal personality can determine the rights that actors have as well as their standings with courts.
As personality is given by states, it stands to reason that international actors are only effective when states allow them to be.
Without the approval of states, other actors have no rights nor any true ability in the international arena.
Entities that are capable of being granted personality and thus being subjects of international law are those with the capacity to act within the international arena.
Entities that are candidates for international legal personality include corporations, companies, sovereign states, international organizations, and individuals.
These entities should have legal powers, the ability to effectively exercise their powers, and associations with states on a permanent basis.
Once these entities became actors, they were not ordinarily given personality unless granted by the state in a legal statute or treaty.
These changes have resulted in and will continue to result in variations and challenges to the sources of international legal personality and the roles that other international actors play.
The definition excluded non governmental organizations and established the concept of legal personality.
Those who have international legal personality can sue and be sued, can enter into contracts, can incur debt, and pay various taxes.
They are given the ability to fund a cause rather than ask for funding for a cause.
In this way of thinking, one would believe that international legal personality must be explicitly transmitted from states to actors via some legal instrument.
In this approach, states are viewed as the ultimate international actors and the only source for personality.
This method of thinking outlines global integration as the source of international legal personality rather than states.
There is no need to conform to a previous constitution in such an instance.
The show is recorded once a week and broadcast daily.
The festival seeks to accomplish this goal by emphasizing two complementary tracks: its worldwide student film competition and its presentation of unique speakers, panels and workshops.
All events are open to the public and, with very few exceptions, free of charge.
Games and learning is a field of education research that studies what is learned by playing video games, and how the design principles, data and communities of video game play can be used to develop new learning environments.
Computers and other technologies have already changed the way students learn.
Integrating games into education has the potential to create new and more powerful ways to learn in schools, communities and workplaces.
Games and learning researchers study how the social and collaborative aspects of video game play can create new kinds of learning communities.
Researchers also study how the data generated by game play can be used to design the next generation of learning assessments.
Games do not need to be specifically geared towards education to be educational tools.
Games can bring together ways of knowing, ways of doing, ways of being, and ways of caring.
Students need to learn by doing, and with gaming, students can learn by doing something as a part of a larger community of people who share common goals and ways of achieving those common goals, making gaming a benefit for social reasons as well.
Gaming has also changed the look of content-driven curriculum in schools.
In content-driven media, people learn by being told and reflecting on what they are told.
In gaming, game designers create digital environments and game levels that shape, facilitate and even teach problem solving.
The results from the experiment contrasted greatly to the common notion that the increasing use of technology by children proves harmful.
Peer interaction, participation, and learning were all evident since the task was administered in a classroom setting that required the children to work together.
Games also teach students that failure is inevitable, but not irrevocable.
In games, players can just start over from the last save.
A low cost failure ensures that players will take risks, explore and try new things.
Much of the debate about digital games for education was based on whether or not games are good for education.
Simulations and digital games actually share many similarities in this regard.
Although there are multiple definitions for games, the key characteristics differentiating games from simulations involve the explicit inclusion of (a) rules for engaging with the simulation, (b) goals for players to pursue, and (c) means for indicating players' progress toward those goals.
Individual studies have shown, for example, that well designed games can promote conceptual understanding and process skills, can foster a deeper epistemological understanding of the nature and processes through which science knowledge is developed and can produce gains in players' willingness and ability to engage in scientific practices and discourse.
They motivate players to persevere and teach players how to play.
There is tripartite play of identities as learners relate, and reflect on, their multiple real-world identities, a virtual identity, and a projective identity.
Games alone will not make schools more efficient, cannot replace teachers or serve as an educational resource that can reach an infinite number of students.
The extent of the roles games will play in learning remains to be seen.
More research in this area is needed to determine impact of games and learning.
He states that children are able to choose how to most effectively use their time and that extensive use of a particular medium of learning shows they are taking something valuable from it.
He goes on to state the significance of the computer in the modern age and that not utilizing it as a learning tool is simply foolish.
Video gaming has shown positive levels of improvement in areas of cognitive function.
Aside from this, areas of attention and vigilance, as well as basic visual processes have shown to improve with allotted video game time.
Games can create new social and cultural worlds that may not have been available to everyone in the past.
These worlds can help people learn by integrating thinking, social interaction, and technology, all in service of doing things they care about.
Video games are important because they let people participate in and experience new worlds.
They let players think, talk, and act in new ways.
Indeed, players inhabit roles that are otherwise inaccessible to them.
They can manipulate the scenario to create digital lives where they can experience the struggles of single parenthood or poverty.
Players in this game are not allowed to modify a previous decision to alter the outcome, even if the outcome is unpleasant.
The goal is to survive to the best of their abilities.
The game is complicated and difficult, just as it would be to live a real life.
Researchers from this study found that over time children started to think more aggressively, and when provoked at home, school or in other situations, children reacted much like they did when playing a violent video game.
But even the harshest critics agree that people can learn something from playing video games.
While research on the behavioral and cognitive impacts of video games with violence have shown mixed outcomes, games with little or no violence have shown promising results.
Some games require players to make decisions ranging from simple to quite complex to drive its progress.
Some researchers question whether a greater reliance on video games is in students' best interests, indicating there is little proof that skillful game play translates into better test scores or broader cognitive development.
Investigating the impact of video games on high school students' engagement and learning about genetics.
Video games can develop graduate skills in higher education students.
A multi-user virtual environment for building higher order inquiry skills in science.
The effects of empathetic virtual characters on presence in narrative centered learning environments.
In her political work she has specialised in defence and security matters, lately in questions of nuclear disarmament.
It is set at the annual ball of a small town's volunteer fire department, and the plot portrays the series of disasters that occur during the evening.
The firefighters also plan to present a small ceremonial fire axe as the birthday gift to their retired chairman who has cancer (although they believe he may not know of it).
During the ball, three of the members of the firefighter's committee look for eight candidates for the beauty contest, but they have difficulty finding enough of them.
A man continues to buy drinks for the committee members to persuade them to include his overweight daughter among the candidates.
During the ball the raffle prizes start to disappear from the table, fine consumables first.
Josef, one of the firefighters, knows the prizes have been stolen, but is unable to recover them, and even finds out that his wife is involved in the theft.
After much trouble, enough candidates for the beauty contest are found, and they are told that the winner will present a gift to their honorary chairman after the end of the contest.
However, when the contest begins, the girls decide not to participate and lock themselves in the bathroom.
Consequently, the crowd uses force to draw the replacement candidates to the stage.
Soon afterwards, the siren sounds because a house of an old man is on fire.
With the fire engine stuck in the snow, the firefighters manage to save some furniture from the house, but are unable to extinguish the fire.
To help the old man who lost almost everything in a fire, the people donate their raffle tickets to him.
However, it is soon discovered almost all of the prizes had been stolen during the ball (except for some items of lesser value).
The firefighters order the unknown thieves to return the stolen prizes once they turn off the lights, but during the period of darkness the remaining items are also stolen.
Realizing this, the firefighter's committee moves backstage to discuss what they can do to save the reputation of the department.
Deciding to do nothing, they return to the now empty hall, where only their retired chairman remains.
The committee presents him the gift box, but when the box is opened, it turns out that the axe itself has also been stolen.
To shoot the natural sound of their voices it was necessary to keep silence so during their dialogues the band just pretended to play and the dancing couples wore woollen socks or slippers.
That's a problem of all governments, of all committees, including firemen's committees.
That they try and they pretend and they announce that they are preparing a happy, gay, amusing evening or life for the people.
But suddenly things turn out in such a catastrophic way that, for me, this is a vision of what's going on today in the world.
These equations describe the motion of a fluid (that is, a liquid or a gas) in space.
However, theoretical understanding of the solutions to these equations is incomplete.
For the three-dimensional system of equations, and given some initial conditions, mathematicians have not yet proved that smooth solutions always exist, or that if they do exist, they have bounded energy per unit mass.
In physics and engineering, they are a system of equations that models the motion of liquids or non-rarefied gases (in which the mean free path is short enough so that it can be thought of as a continuum mean instead of a collection of particles) using continuum mechanics.
Since in three dimensions, there are three equations and four unknowns (three scalar velocities and the pressure), then a supplementary equation is needed.
For this flow of a homogeneous medium, density and viscosity are constants.
The company manufactures acoustic and electronic drum kits as well as percussion instruments, marching band equipment, and drum hardware.
The research and development of new products also takes place there.
They are finished in high-gloss lacquer, with three translucent and one solid finish.
The shells were made of a mix of different woods.
Made from birch and features a large, high-mass lug that extends the length of the shell.
The series features a small, rectangular badge with rounded corners.
The low fundamental and projection of oak makes it a favorite with rock drummers and the wide tuning and dynamic range makes it a top choice for jazz drummers as well.
It is commonly used in conjunction with a normal internal microphone to mic kick drums.
The two-story house features a low pitched hip roof, broad eaves, paired windows, banded windows in groups, a stuccoed exterior, and a broad porch.
It publishes print books and electronic literature, specialising in more experimental works.
It also publishes a number of periodicals, as well as critical works.
The one-line-a-day semi-autobiographical narrative has been widely praised and analysed by scholars and critics.
While creeping up to attack an enemy working party he met an enemy patrol, which he opened fire on at very close range.
Finally his own party came under heavy fire and suffered casualties.
His other four victories were driven down out of control.
It also has a slightly marked dorsal stripe and a white margin of the upper lip, lower lip, and chin.
There are usually four tines, with the absence of bez tine.
These deer do not have neck manes, but do have stronger and thicker neck muscles than female deer that may give the appearance of a neck mane.
They do not migrate but may disperse into adjacent desert areas at night or at times of cooler temperatures.
However, since then, environmental organizations have taken steps to save the species.
Occasionally, the brown bear will prey on these deer as well.
Eurasian lynx and wild boars sometimes prey on the calves.
It has a whitish ground color, varied and spotted with square spots, of a yellow more or less reddish, alternating upon the transverse ribs, with other spots of a dull white.
The short spire is composed of six convex whorls, slightly flattened above, banded with ribs equally convex, wide, not distant, and divided by narrow, shallow furrows.
The aperture is somewhat narrow, toothed upon both edges, colored yellow within.
The outer lip is dilated, particularly towards the base, and forms externally a very thick convex margin, the external part of which is sharp, undulated, and its internal surface furnished with ten or twelve transverse, distant teeth, resembling folds.
The inner lip consists of a smooth plate, convex and white, which partially covers the body of the shell.
The color of the animal is of a beautiful white, marked upon its circumference with triangular flames of a violet brown.
The tentacles are long, slender and pointed, spotted with brown, in the form of triple rings.
The trunk is white, the tube very long, pointed with brown and violet at its extremity.
The site covers more than fifteen sinkholes, the only ones in chalk which are a permanent feature of the landscape.
In data transmission, parallel communication is a method of conveying multiple binary digits (bits) simultaneously.
It contrasts with serial communication, which conveys only a single bit at a time; this distinction is one way of characterizing a communications link.
The basic difference between a parallel and a serial communication channel is the number of electrical conductors used at the physical layer to convey bits.
If both channels operated at the same clock speed, the parallel channel would be eight times faster.
A parallel channel may have additional conductors for other signals, such as a clock signal to pace the flow of data, a signal to control the direction of data flow, and handshaking signals.
Computer system buses, on the other hand, have evolved over time: parallel communication was commonly used in earlier system buses, whereas serial communications are prevalent in modern computers.
In practice, clock skew reduces the speed of every link to the slowest of all of the links.
This places an upper limit on the length of a parallel data connection that is usually shorter than a serial connection.
Creating a parallel port in a computer system is relatively simple, requiring only a latch to copy data onto a data bus.
One huge advantage of having fewer wires/pins in a serial cable is the significant reduction in the size, the complexity of the connectors, and the associated costs.
The two feeds air most of the same shows at the same times, but occasionally have different schedules.
She is haunted by a traumatic past, which has made her an alcoholic.
But in spite of this, the series is renowned for its level of psychological depth.
It is commonly prepared in the home, but is also sold by roadside vendors.
A middle-aged spinster who has been tormented by the letters' suggestions of sexual immorality commits suicide.
During the latter half of the twentieth century, the population slowly declined.
He did not however take part in any of the tournament games.
Subsequently she endured chemotherapy and three operations but her cancer was too vigorous to be treated effectively.
His research is focused on using pharmacological principles to optimize the treatment of cancer, on identifying genes involved in the development of prostate cancer and developing new treatments including angiogenesis inhibitors for men with castration-resistant prostate cancer.
It is a location-based next generation security service that notifies family members and friends in case the user of the app gets in danger.
The cities can see the users only if they are in danger.
It is not a tracking application, neither panic button application.
It is possible that they may also at this time have become an all musketeer unit, as was normal with garrisons and firelock muskets were certainly issued.
Originally they wore grey or white coats but it is possible that red coats may have been issued at this time.
The regiment consists of pike, musket, drums, ensigns, artillery and camp followers.
The site of the attack was chosen in order to cause maximum number of casualties.
Because of its isolation when a through station, the station closed twice due to poor passenger usage.
Today there is an adjacent car park at the station.
The station's prime function as an interchange still remains today.
The shed had a water tank and a coaling stage for steam locomotives.
Several sidings were situated adjacent to the eastern side of the station, south of the running lines.
Each side of the island platform can receive six carriages.
As yet, there is no access, to the platform, for passengers with wheelchairs or prams, as access is by staircase only.
When his mother visited him for the first time since moving in, she gave him a synthesizer, which influenced his decision to focus on music.
The success of his policy is demonstrated by the fact that his assassination has no political repercussions.
Kabul soon resumes its wonted aspect and the rest of the country remains perfectly quiet.
The islands themselves are known by a rather confusing variety of names.
The islands were reconstructed from the ground up over the following years under a strict building code.
The code has proven extremely effective, as many earthquakes since that time have caused no damage to new buildings.
In recent decades, the islands have lost much of their population through emigration and the decline of their traditional industries, fishing and marginal agriculture.
She is forced to join the team after she probes "too far" into their operations.
It is then theorized that the aberrations interfere with the brain's ability to distinguish right from wrong.
This is realized when she is pushed through a forty story window and falls to her apparent death, only to later revive and recover completely.
However, she still feels the pain of her injuries before they heal.
The series credits include several people in the role of producer.
During this period the hotel went through major changes with the bank taking over a section of the hotel.
Passive electioneering is the act of wearing campaign paraphernalia or carrying signs to a polling place with the intent of influencing voters.
Partisan officials are also not permitted to campaign immediately in front of a polling station, nor may anyone bring any campaign literature into the station.
The equipment used by polling staff has to meet strict colour criteria.
Staff may be refused work if their clothing is of a "partisan colour".
Only more recently, though, has this shift become the core of the reform of the global agricultural system.
The fiscal burden of protective measures increased, due both to lower receipts from import duties and higher domestic expenditure.
In the meantime, the global economy had entered a cycle of recession, and the perception that opening up markets could improve economic conditions led to calls for a new round of multilateral trade negotiations.
The round would open up markets in services and high-technology goods, ultimately generating much needed efficiency gains.
While payments in the amber box had to be reduced, those in the green box were exempt from reduction commitments.
These subsidies end up flooding global markets with below-cost commodities, depressing prices, and undercutting producers in poor countries, a practice known as dumping.
While some green box payments only had a minor effect on production and trade, others have a significant impact.
In many countries large populations living in rural areas, with limited access to infrastructure, farming resources and few employment alternatives.
Thus, these countries are concerned that domestic rural populations employed in import-competing sectors might be negatively affected by further trade liberalization, becoming increasingly vulnerable to market instability and import surges as tariff barriers are removed.
The band made a number of low-fi demo tapes which were sold at a dollar store.
If you know the band and the lyrics and what we have always stood for this should be clear.
His reasoning being he "wanted to sing for a band.
He has also done extensive producing for other bands and lately he does a lot of solo acoustic shows.
Its residents faced hardships for several more years due to civil strife in the surrounding region.
He also noted that the wider vicinity was characterized by highly irrigated and productive lands, with abundant date palms and quince groves.
During the ensuing confrontation, the fortress may have been destroyed.
There was also a system of canals that brought in fresh water and emptied sewage.
Affected areas include the fortress's storage rooms and courtyards, as well as the medieval settlement at its foot.
A large cistern makes up the lowest floor of the keep.
Several bastions were built along the external walls of the fortress.
This was done to establish a secondary defensive line that enabled the building's defenders to shoot arrows at attackers who breached the external walls.
The core building was linked to the external fortifications by corridors and chambers.
For the most part, each phase utilized different architectural techniques and fortification concepts, and none of the phases affected the entire extent of the building at one time.
In contrast, the northern side facing the population centers remained largely unchanged.
The small salient bastion that juts out of the northern wall dates to the first phase.
The second phase of construction added three salient bastions, each of which were over twice the size of the northern bastion.
In addition, a large, brick dome was built atop the ground-level chamber of the northwestern bastion.
The external walls of the fortress reached their final form during the third phase, though there would be further restorations in later decades.
The building technique used in this phase likely necessitated significant funds, equipment and technical expertise.
Several changes were made including the southeastern tower being rebuilt and the northeastern tower being reinforced by an additional wall and a vaulted story.
Moreover, the northern slope of the outer wall was further strengthened with a glacis built from large conglomerate blocks.
A northeastern salient bastion, much smaller than the eastern and western bastions, was also built.
Masonry from the fifth phase was reused for the reconstruction along with new gypsum, limestone and other materials.
This is somewhat akin to playing air guitar, explaining the name.
Jack proceeds to kill the wounded witness and his wife, but spares their young daughter.
Chan survives with a piece of glass stuck in his head.
Ma, who once beat up a drug trafficker so badly that the latter has become mentally handicapped, has vowed to abstain from using questionable means in his career.
The group receives a message warning them against leaving the police station that night.
Ma sits down at the bar and starts to pour himself a drink.
A few days later, she sneaked out with a group of younger teens.
However, she testified, she was unable to talk about her war experiences with her family.
The waters of these springs are recommended for stomach and skin ailments.
This place is set in lush vegetation where the traveller can find peace and escape everyday reality under the shade of ancient plane trees.
Music nights, dedicated events, exhibitions and theatricals are also put on in summer.
It is brave, proud, well-balanced, calm, with a very well developed guard instinct.
It is proving to be very courageous when facing the predators specific to the area, e.g.
It is friendly and devoted to its master and family, but doubtful around strangers.
The head is strong and solid, with a conical, well-developed snout which is shorter than the cambered skull.
The eyes are small comparing with head, almond-shaped and oblique, amber colour, with strong pigment on the eyelids.
The body is massive and sturdy, rectangular, rather long, a bit tall, and has a strong skeleton with a wide-tall chest.
The tail is bushy, covered with long and thick hair.
It is caught up, when is in rest, this is floppy with the tip a bit bent and arrives until the hock's level; in alert is upped and could surpass the back level.
The fur is double, with an underneath coating, short and bushy, and an external flat one, harsher and bushier.
On the head and the front side of the legs, the fur is short, while on the body it is abundant.
If overexposed to the sun during summer, the fur acquires scant reddish shades.
When she discovers his addiction to internet pornography, she is more apathetic than disgusted.
This leads to an affair between the two, who "happen" to cross each other at the local pool and "happen" to bring their children to nap together while they have sex on the living room floor.
Three years before, he left the force after shooting a black teenager brandishing a toy gun at a local shopping mall; the guilt became so unbearable that he collected his pension early.
Now, his wife has left him and taken their two sons.
Ronnie, for his part, finds himself ostracized by the community, and the one date his mother forces him to go on is ruined when he gives in to temptation and masturbates while watching children.
Todd never really wanted to be a lawyer and has failed the bar exam twice already; he spends his "studying" time reliving his youth by watching a group of teenage skateboarders.
Sarah just sits, baffled, wondering how she will raise her daughter, whom she feels she has greatly let down.
The peasant retained ownership of his property, including land, but owed taxes and levies imposed by the noble.
Soldiers were no longer satisfied with sharing spoils of war and demanded land ownership, which would provide steady income during years of peace.
The organization has quickly become a powerful voice and advocate for today's young professionals of color nationwide.
By the time of its completion, the loss of the numerous older buildings it replaced was a widespread regret.
More shop fronts have been added or opened up facing the surrounding streets, reducing the enclosed nature of the complex, which was much criticised.
All open spaces are covered by a space frame, with transparent plastic roofing.
The whole complex is clad in tan-coloured precast masonry panels.
Financial compensation is guaranteed for any province that opts out of such an amendment relating to education or other cultural matters.
Despite working with a completely new squad and a difficult start to the season, the team finished out of the relegation zone.
He also continued to strengthen the reserve squad and saw it promoted to the top reserve league that season.
He declined an offer to continue being the squad's manager and left the club following the season.
The northern area of the cemetery was set aside for the un-baptised and those who had been excommunicated or committed suicide.
Communal graves known as 'company plots' are to be found on the southern side of the site where up to thirty coffins at a time were interred in one grave.
While the mice could regenerate limbs, they could not repair damaged heart tissue.
Appropriate drugs replicated the regeneration in unaltered mice, using the same metabolic paths.
The drugs increased the subjects' metabolic rates, evidently causing the body to heal at higher rates.
Taylor played in three games during the season, appearing only on special teams.
A fine transverse-linear blackish mark or pair of connected dots is found on the end of the cell and there are two rather curved series of cloudy dots of blackish irroration running from this blotch posteriorly to the dorsum towards the tornus.
In his first two years as a professional, he won sixteen of seventeen fights with one draw.
Another source wrote that the draw was justified, but the bout was clearly close in many respects.
He was a tough, scrappy boxer, but not a power hitter.
In close infighting in the first, he had the advantage with his speed and longer reach.
The referee's decision was met with approval by the crowd.
Harris, tall and rangy for a bantamweight, had a five-inch height advantage over his opponent, and used it effectively in close fighting.
Palmer was down on the mat repeatedly in the fifth round, once for a nine count.
The fight was not considered to be a close decision.
It was to be his last meeting with a noteworthy featherweight, and he would eventually move up to the lightweight class.
Harris worked briefly in theater as an actor after his boxing career.
Long after his boxing retirement, he continued to gently spar with and mentor young boxers to maintain his conditioning.
And so the church was saved from his wickedness, and his name was expunged from the roll of the living and the dead.
At that time, admission did not require even a high school diploma.
The second phase will include the removal and digitization of printed materials from the library stacks so that the space can be converted to additional classroom and student space.
Coursework includes international human rights, comparative legal systems, and international commercial arbitration.
Along with this, there are also collections of public international law and international trade law.
As motorcycle engine and tire technology progressed, motorcycle frames became more and more stressed.
Children are also seen running free and playing in the desecration and dilapidation of broken down cars, bricks, mortar, fire and flames.
There are two poignant images in the video are the dolls head falling to the ground and the child swing from the hanging rope noose.
The surviving manuscripts of the text break off while he is in pursuit of his sixth wife.
The pieces range in date from the eighteenth to twentieth centuries.
The decision was influenced by shifting priorities in the personal lives of the members such as marriage.
The demolitions were carried out by contractors hired for the job.
Finally, this hypothesis predicts that subtle changes in formulation can further enhance the intrinsic safety of these complexes.
The intermediate category would have been both ionic linear structure and non-ionic cyclical structure.
The third category most at risk was unchanged (linear non-ionic).
His relatives were denied an official medical report about the cause of his illness, and were forbidden to take specimens of his tissues for an independent medical investigation.
By comparison what is going on today in our security services, in our prosecutor's office, all bandits are simply boy scouts.
Today, it is precisely the people who are needed to fight crime and corruption that have raised the flag of corruption and crime.
This has not bypassed the secret police; what has never happened before happens constantly now - the protection that they provide, the enormous amounts of money they receive, and the control over ports and banks that they exercise.
By virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural development".
It would seem (although this view may be disputed) that a people's independent law-making power may be the great dividing line between self-determination and merely "steps towards" self-determination.
There were allegations of mismanagement and a few rumours circulated about substantial amounts of money that had "gone missing" or been given to third parties under unusual circumstances.
In terms of self-determination, this would be regarded as a backward step.
Hence, self-determination has been held to be an example of an advancement of the fundamental political rights of politically bounded 'peoples' at work, but also as an example of an abstract theory that has been implemented in contexts with sometimes severe political and national conflict.
There is a bazaar with about a thousand shops selling inexpensive goods.
The show also became a popular choice for high school and college productions.
Unfortunately, she needs a little help getting up from her stance.
Mae becomes so upset that she leaves, but not before heavily dramatizing the sacrifices she made for him.
Randolph joins in, stating that his older sister and the other teens are "so ridiculous and so immature".
Several significant changes were made in the plot and character relationships in the film version.
The positioning and context of several songs were changed as well.
The film version ends on a brighter and lighter note than the stage musical.
He noted that "one of the best things about it is that practically nobody is connected to it.
The skin is warty and dorsal adult colour is variable from light brown, grey, dark brown, orange to yellowish.
In terms of colouration there is no well-marked sexual dimorphism.
The species is most abundant in the high altitude, but is absent in typical farmland and plantation habitats.
Movement is limited in this species justifying its survival in tiny forest patches.
Eggs hatch at different times and the young ones immediately leave the nest site.
There are plans to replant several pine and eucalyptus plantations with native tree species.
The tournament was cut back to nine teams for this event.
The top left hand corner sported the decade in a number format, the entire background of the sheet was devoted a specific event of that decade (e.g.
The stamps were arranged on the sheets in four rows, and nested in arrangements unique to each sheet.
An area was devoted to the description of the decade as depicted by the stamps on it.
The description of each stamp was printed on the gummed side of the sheet, behind each stamp.
Each kit included a teacher's guide, a student activity magazine, computer activities, internet linked sites, multimedia classroom visuals, school balloting for students and take home projects for children for parental participation.
Chanduali district made big contributions at the time of freedom movements.
But slowly, situation is improving as people are now awakened and want development of the area as critical for their future.
Every second or third person are professional like engineers, lawyers, teachers, doctors.
And giving his services to different part of the india.
In mathematics, in the representation theory of algebraic groups, an observable subgroup is an algebraic subgroup of a linear algebraic group whose every finite-dimensional rational representation arises as the restriction to the subgroup of a finite-dimensional rational representation of the whole group.
He was given a three-month prison sentence but the conviction and prison sentence were quickly overturned on appeal.
He underwent a three-month drug rehabilitation programme before being allowed to resume his playing career.
Three managers lost their jobs at the end of the season.
Players in bold played enough games to earn a championship medal.
Hermitian varieties are in a sense a generalisation of quadrics, and occur naturally in the theory of polarities.
One can prove that these lines form a subspace, either a hyperplane of the full space.
However, when the tenth volume was published, she was surprised by the series' length which she found amazing.
The west exit also has these amenities except for the ticket office.
This protein is normally expressed in males, where it promotes male development and prevents dosage compensation.
It is required for proper sexual differentiation and male viability.
High expression during gastrulation triggers male development, while low expression at that time triggers hermaphrodite development.
He applied for several patents, including improvements in pneumatic apparatus for pumping or forcing air.
A shadow-player rescues the marriage by giving all the guests a vision of what might happen if the baron stays jealous and the suitors do not reduce their advances towards his beautiful wife.
The foundation was established to provide financial support to animal shelters and organizations engaged in the rescuing, rehabilitating, and re-homing of abused and abandoned animals, and to fund spay/neuter programs to help reduce dog overpopulation.
He believes that dog owners should establish their role as calm-assertive pack leaders.
In other words, it is the owner's responsibility to fulfill the dog's energy level needs through challenging exercise; then to provide clearly communicated rules, boundaries and limitations; and finally, to provide affection.
He encourages owners to understand the effect their own attitudes, internal emotions and physical postures have on a dog's behavior, counseling owners to hold strong posture (i.e., shoulders high and chest forward) and to project energy that is calm-assertive.
The programs are not intended as a dog training guide, and each episode contains repeated warnings that viewers should not try the behavior modification techniques at home without the guidance of a professional.
Cesar encourages owners to create their own unique sound that works for them.
He believes that dogs sense, understand, and respond to a person's energy more easily than their speech.
The club's first team finished in second place with the second team finishing in third position.
The house can be rented for weddings and other events.
South of the creek is an open lawn area with a circular drive.
Along the drive are the main house, a large garage/lodge, and a smaller garage.
The broad front has a projecting gabled section at either end, one projecting much further than the other.
The main roof rises above these gables, and contains shed dormers on the side roofs.
Broad plate glass windows, original to the house, illuminate the interior.
The attic of the house contains a large open room known as "the dormitory" that provided overnight space guests.
The smaller garage is a two-bay structure, with a shingled finish much like the house.
The larger garage/lodge structure is a two-bay utilitarian, front-gable building constructed of concrete block and clad with wooden shingles.
Shaw became the first driver in the history of the race to win in consecutive years.
This marked the only blemish on his noteworthy record of nine consecutive races completing every lap.
Lawrence criticised the film as being untrue to her life.
He played in a number of games but was best known as a player on the fringes of the team.
Taaffe wasn't even named on the official list of substitutes but was introduced in the second half.
Taaffe remained on the bench for the next few years, only starting one championship match.
Weis's research focuses on the responses of estuarine organisms to stresses, particularly heavy metal contaminants.
An index to the complete series was given in the final issue.
The pages were organised as a series of pull-out reference files to be slotted into ring binders.
During the production of the partwork, the publishers realised that some aeroplanes and airlines were missed from the index, necessitating additions.
He saw more playing time in his second season, and played effectively in left midfield in the playoffs.
His tenacious play helped guide the club to an impressive start.
Most of the base elements and characters have been used, in different forms.
Pinocchio goes inside the whale and tries to fix it.
Pinocchio finds the out-of-reach button, so he begins to tell a lie about his personality .
While initially entertaining the idea of becoming human, after being discriminated against he defensively adopts a position of (possibly righteous) superiority to humans, as he has a faster processing brain and more extensive imagination circuits.
This object becomes a strong component in the story later.
This is a build upon the concept of intelligent homes already in progress with technological habitation designs.
He is the mayor of the city, a widower who raises his little girl alone.
He has ambitions to transform the city, removing all signs of nature and replacing it with aesthetic metal and technology.
He does greatly love his daughter and is very protective of her.
He is controlling, and sees children and life as a random factor he cannot account for, motivating him to transform both into something he understands: metal.
It is eventually revealed that she is a more complex character, interested in ecological preservation and semi-technophobic.
She is torn between her love for her father and the environment, as he refuses to stop attacking it.
She wears her hair in pigtails, kept back with a series of coloured hooplike hair bands.
Pinocchio initially feels kinship with these two and begins to espouse how much more intelligent robots are with them, but then discovers that he is rather a unique case.
Whether or not she has real magical powers is unknown, as she doesn't actively use them.
She does however have a large grasp over various technologies and the ability to implement them.
It has been designed with a modern appeal to kids, but pleasant enough for adults.
A constituent assembly or constitutional assembly is a body or assembly of representatives composed for the purpose of drafting or adopting a constitution.
As the fundamental document constituting a state, a constitution cannot normally be modified or amended by the state's normal legislative procedures; instead a constituent assembly, the rules for which are normally laid down in the constitution, must be set up.
A constituent assembly is usually set up for its specific purpose, which it carries out in a relatively short time, after which the assembly is dissolved.
Unlike forms of constitution-making in which a constitution is unilaterally imposed by a sovereign lawmaker, the constituent assembly creates a constitution through "internally imposed" actions, in that members of the constituent assembly are themselves citizens, but not necessarily the rulers, of the country for which they are creating a constitution.
At the non-democratic extreme of the spectrum, we may imagine a sovereign lawgiver laying down the constitution for all later generations.
At the democratic extreme, we may imagine a constituent assembly elected by universal suffrage for the sole task of writing a new constitution.
After four sessions, it failed to agree on the fundamental basis for the state.
While there is provision for calling one, no federal constitutional convention has been called.
Yet they were considered to be constituent assemblies that exercised their authority as that of the people.
They often self-consciously "borrow[ed]" constitutional text and provisions from other states.
In these countries there is no need to call constituent assemblies, and no provision to do so, as the legislature can effectively modify the constitution.
If such a country decides to implement a constitution, presumably some sort of constituent assembly will have to be set up for the purpose.
It is a combined pressure and temperature-regulated device which may be used to apply spray coatings to foods such as confectionery.
One of the most widespread applications of the nozzle is in the glazing of foods or pharmaceuticals with shellac.
Spray coating of foods was at that time a relatively unknown concept.
The device rapidly proved its worth and, although occupying a niche position, came to be well-regarded within the industry as a whole.
This is able to achieve a "micro-spray" effect allowing for the release of micronised particles with uniform angular coverage of the object being coated, even on objects which have a non-uniform shape.
One of the most common applications is in the glazing of comestibles, for example shellac micro-spraying onto chocolate-coated confectionery.
A thermionic converter consists of a hot electrode which thermionically emits electrons over a potential energy barrier to a cooler electrode, producing a useful electric power output.
Caesium vapor is used to optimize the electrode work functions and provide an ion supply (by surface ionization or electron impact ionization in a plasma) to neutralize the electron space charge.
From a thermodynamic viewpoint, it is the use of electron vapor as the working fluid in a power-producing cycle.
A thermionic converter consists of a hot emitter electrode from which electrons are vaporized by thermionic emission and a colder collector electrode into which they are condensed after conduction through the interelectrode plasma.
The application most seriously pursued, however, was the integration of thermionic nuclear fuel elements directly into the core of nuclear reactors for production of electrical power in space.
The exceptionally high operating temperature of thermionic converters, which makes their practical use difficult in other applications, gives the thermionic converter decisive advantages over competing energy conversion technologies in the space power application where radiant heat rejection is required.
In recent years technology development programs for solar-heated thermionic space power systems were conducted.
Prototype combustion-heated thermionic systems for domestic heat and electric power cogeneration, and for rectification, have been developed.
The electrode surface properties determine the magnitude of electron emission current and electric potential at the electrode surfaces, and the plasma properties determine the transport of electron current from the emitter to the collector.
All practical thermionic converters to date employ caesium vapor between the electrodes, which determines both the surface and plasma properties.
Caesium is employed because it is the most easily ionized of all stable elements.
The surface property of primary interest is the work function, which is the barrier that limits electron emission current from the surface and essentially is the heat of vaporization of electrons from the surface.
The work function is determined primarily by a layer of caesium atoms adsorbed on the electrode surfaces.
The properties of the interelectrode plasma are determined by the mode of operation of the thermionic converter.
That research has shown that substantial improvements in converter performance can be obtained now at lower operating temperatures by addition of oxygen to the caesium vapor, by suppression of electron reflection at the electrode surfaces, and by hybrid mode operation.
The twins join his army to work against him from the inside.
It functions both as a showcase and a communication hub.
As a showcase, members of komikoo.com can upload their arts (stories, comics, illustrations) and later get rated and commented by other members and also by guests.
Hopefully the uploaders can get the view of the readers and improve from time to time.
As a communication hub, komikoo.com features chat, shoutbox, forum, and personal messaging.
Artists can upload their work onto this website and share it with their readers so they can enjoy the comics with similar experience as reading their offline counterparts.
It would also make the communication between comic artists, writers, their readers more direct.
It is also a place where artist may get improved and improving each other through commenting their arts respectively, sharing knowledge and building a positive community.
The film was a modest box office success and received mixed reviews from critics.
The side gable roof is pierced by two gable dormers, and the centered front entry is flanked by full-length sidelight windows and surrounded by wide, flat panels.
There are single story ells built both left and right of the main house, whose front is set back from that of the main house and whose back wall is flush with that of the main house.
These two buildings lie just east of the main house.
The barn was built to serve the farm's dairying operations, and its design is sophisticated for the period of construction.
It is built into a slope, allowing for ground-level access to the basement area, where manure is handled, as well as to the main level.
Portions of the farm have been set aside for recreational purposes, and the buildings have been rehabilitated.
Sacred geometry ascribes symbolic and sacred meanings to certain geometric shapes and certain geometric proportions.
It is associated with the belief that a god is the geometer of the world.
The geometry used in the design and construction of religious structures such as churches, temples, mosques, religious monuments, altars, and tabernacles has sometimes been considered sacred.
The concept applies also to sacred spaces such as temenoi, sacred groves, village greens and holy wells, and the creation of religious art.
Many forms observed in nature can be related to geometry; for example, the chambered nautilus grows at a constant rate and so its shell forms a logarithmic spiral to accommodate that growth without changing shape.
These and other correspondences are sometimes interpreted in terms of sacred geometry and considered to be further proof of the natural significance of geometric forms.
The second site was on wasteland immediately south of the river.
It has little claim to be so considered, and the ditches where they occur appear to be connected with modern drainage.
Amnesia is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma.
Amnesia can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs.
The memory can be either wholly or partially lost due to the extent of damage that was caused.
There are two main types of amnesia: retrograde amnesia and anterograde amnesia.
Retrograde amnesia is the inability to retrieve information that was acquired before a particular date, usually the date of an accident or operation.
In some cases the memory loss can extend back decades, while in others the person may lose only a few months of memory.
Anterograde amnesia is the inability to transfer new information from the short-term store into the long-term store.
People with this type of amnesia cannot remember things for long periods of time.
Research has also shown that when areas of the diencephalon are damaged, amnesia can occur.
In people suffering with amnesia, the ability to recall immediate information is still retained, and they may still be able to form new memories.
However, a severe reduction in the ability to learn new material and retrieve old information can be observed.
In addition, priming (both perceptual and conceptual) can assist amnesiacs in the learning of fresh non-declarative knowledge.
Amnesic patients also retain substantial intellectual, linguistic, and social skill despite profound impairments in the ability to recall specific information encountered in prior learning episodes.
The three categories are head trauma (example: head injuries), traumatic events (example: seeing something devastating to the mind), or physical deficiencies (example: atrophy of the hippocampus).
The majority of amnesia and related memory issues derive from the first two categories as these are more common and the third could be considered a sub category of the first.
Head trauma is a very broad range as it deals with any kind of injury or active action toward the brain which might cause amnesia.
Retrograde and anterograde amnesia are more often seen from events like this, an exact example of a cause of the two would be electroshock therapy, which would cause both briefly for the receiving patient.
What is traumatic is dependent on what the person finds to be traumatic.
Regardless, a traumatic event is an event where something so distressing occurs that the mind chooses to forget rather than deal with the stress.
A common example of amnesia that is caused by traumatic events is dissociative amnesia, which occurs when the person forgets an event that has deeply disturbed them.
An example would be a person forgetting a fatal and graphic car accident involving their loved ones.
Physical deficiencies are different from head trauma, because physical deficiencies lean more toward passive physical issues.
Surgery that removes part of the brain is active and thus head trauma, while the surgery also causes the surrounding areas to atrophy, which is passive.
Alcohol can both cause blackouts and have deleterious effects on memory formation.
The two brain regions related with this condition are medial temporal lobe and medial diencephalon.
Anterograde amnesia cannot be treated with pharmacological methods due to neuronal loss.
However, treatment exists in educating patients to define their daily routines and after several steps they begin to benefit from their procedural memory.
Likewise, social and emotional support is critical to improving quality of life for anterograde amnesia sufferers.
Retrograde amnesia is inability to recall memories before onset of amnesia.
One may be able to encode new memories after the incident.
Retrograde is usually caused by head trauma or brain damage to parts of the brain besides the hippocampus.
Episodic memory is more likely to be affected than semantic memory.
The damage is usually caused by head trauma, cerebrovascular accident, stroke, tumor, hypoxia, encephalitis, or chronic alcoholism.
People suffering from retrograde amnesia are more likely to remember general knowledge rather than specifics.
Recent memories are less likely to be recovered, but older memories will be easier to recall due to strengthening over time.
Retrograde amnesia is usually temporary and can be treated by exposing them to memories from the loss.
Another type of consolidation (process by which memories become stable in the brain) occurs over much longer periods of time/days, weeks, months and years and likely involves transfer of information from the hippocampus to more permanent storage site in the cortex.
The operation of this longer-term consolidation process is seen in the retrograde amnesia of patients with hippocampal damage who can recall memories from childhood relatively normally, but are impaired when recalling experiences that occurred just a few years prior to the time they became amnesic.
Traumatic amnesia is often transient, but may be permanent or either anterograde, retrograde, or mixed type.
The extent of the period covered by the amnesia is related to the degree of injury and may give an indication of the prognosis for recovery of other functions.
Mild trauma, such as a car accident that results in no more than mild whiplash, might cause the occupant of a car to have no memory of the moments just before the accident due to a brief interruption in the short/long-term memory transfer mechanism.
The sufferer may also lose knowledge of who people are.
Having longer periods of amnesia or consciousness after an injury may be an indication that recovery from remaining concussion symptoms will take much longer.
Dissociative amnesia results from a psychological cause as opposed to direct damage to the brain caused by head injury, physical trauma or disease, which is known as organic amnesia.
The memory is stored in long-term memory, but access to it is impaired because of psychological defense mechanisms.
Persons retain the capacity to learn new information and there may be some later partial or complete recovery of memory.
Dissociative fugue (formerly psychogenic fugue) is also known as fugue state.
It is caused by psychological trauma and is usually temporary and unresolved, and therefore may return.
An individual with dissociative fugue disorder is unaware or confused about his or her identity and will travel in journeys away from familiar surroundings to discover or create new identities.
Posthypnotic amnesia occurs when events during hypnosis are forgotten, or where past memories are unable to be recalled.
The failure to remember those events is induced by suggestions made during the hypnosis.
Lacunar amnesia is the loss of memory about one specific event.
Childhood amnesia (also known as infantile amnesia) is the common inability to remember events from one's own childhood.
Researchers have found that implicit memories cannot be recalled or described.
Remembering how to play the piano is a common example of implicit memory, as is walking, speaking and other everyday activities that would be difficult to focus on if they had to be relearned every time one got up in the morning.
Explicit memories, on the other hand, can be recalled and described in words.
Remembering the first time meeting a teacher is an example of explicit memories.
Transient global amnesia is a well-described medical and clinical phenomenon.
Symptoms typically last for less than a day and there is often no clear precipitating factor or any other neurological deficits.
The hypothesis of the syndrome includes transient reduced blood flow, possible seizure or an atypical type of migraine.
Source amnesia is the inability to remember where, when or how previously learned information has been acquired, while retaining the factual knowledge.
It should be noted that the person's short-term memory may appear to be normal, but the person may have a difficult time attempting to recall a past story, or with unrelated words, as well as complicated patterns.
Memories of the short time-frame in which the procedure was performed are permanently lost or at least substantially reduced, but once the drug wears off, memory is no longer affected.
It has been claimed that it involves a narrowing of consciousness with attention focused on central perceptual details and/or that the emotional or traumatic events are processed differently from ordinary memories.
Transient epileptic amnesia is a rare and unrecognized form of temporal lobe epilepsy, which is typically an episodic isolated memory loss.
It has been recognized as a treatment-responsive syndrome congenial to anti-epileptic drugs.
Therefore, procedural learning can proceed independently of the brain system required for declarative memory.
Those patients did well in the word fragment completion test.
However, there are a few ways to cope with memory loss if that is not the case.
In therapy, amnesiacs will develop the memory skills they have and try to regain some they have lost by finding which techniques help retrieve memories or create new retrieval paths.
This may also include strategies for organizing information to remember it more easily and for improving understanding of lengthy conversation.
Another coping mechanism is taking advantage of technological assistance, such as a personal digital device to keep track of day-to-day tasks.
Reminders can be set up for appointments, when to take medications, birthdays and other important events.
Many pictures can also be stored to help amnesiacs remember names of friends, family and co-workers.
Notebooks, wall calendars, pill reminders and photographs of people and places are low-tech memory aids that can help as well.
While there are no medications available to treat amnesia, underlying medical conditions can be treated to improve memory.
Such conditions include but are not limited to low thyroid function, liver or kidney disease, stroke, depression, bipolar disorder and blood clots in the brain.
Treating alcoholism and preventing alcohol and illicit drug use can prevent further damage, but in most cases will not recover lost memory.
Although improvements occur when patients receive certain treatments, there is still no actual cure remedy for amnesia so far.
To what extent the patient recovers and how long the amnesia will continue depends on the type and severity of the lesion.
The law follows a logical progression of memory loss due to disease.
First, a patient loses the recent memories, then personal memories, and finally intellectual memories.
He implied that the most recent memories were lost first.
Case studies have played a large role in the discovery of amnesia and the parts of the brain that were affected.
The studies gave important insight into how amnesia affects the brain.
The studies also gave scientists the resources into improving their knowledge about amnesia and insight into a cure or prevention.
He was a patient who suffered from severe epilepsy attributed to a bicycle accident at the age of nine.
If he was given a list of words, he would forget them in about a minute's time.
In fact, he would forget that he was even given a list in the first place.
This gave researchers evidence that short-term and long-term memory are in fact two different processes.
Even though he forgot about the lists, he was still able to learn things through his implicit memory.
The psychologists would ask him to draw something on a piece of paper, but to look at the paper using a mirror.
Though he could never remember ever doing that task, he would improve after doing it over and over again.
This showed the psychologists that he was learning and remembering things unconsciously.
They studied him for a period of two weeks to learn more about his amnesia.
However, he could still remember things that had happened prior to the operation.
He began having cardiac problems as a result of the surgery and became very agitated.
Even five days after being released from the hospital he was unable to remember what had happened to him.
Aside from memory impairment, none of his other cognitive processes seemed to be affected.
After he died, his brain was donated to science, photographed, and preserved for future study.
They are one of the most common centipedes in this region.
They have small poison claws on the side of their head.
They are most common in gardens, old or dead/rotting wood, and most commonly under stones and rocks, or under small things like dog houses or sheds.
They may be seen in basements in winter, but this isn't common.
They may dig a burrow to hibernate in the winter.
He also barely missed the semifinals by recording a sixteenth fastest time and notching a final spot from the heats.
It contained classrooms for chemistry, physics, cooking, and drawing, a gym, offices, a small boarding school, and living quarters for the director and teachers.
Projection areas are areas in the four lobes (frontal, parietal, temporal, occipital) of the brain where sensory processing occurs.
They have a covering of fine brown to orange hairs, which is denser on the thorax, with face being the same colour.
There is a fine covering of shorter hairs on the abdomen and the hind tibia is dark.
There is an apical tooth on the mandibles but the cheeks normally lack a spine.
As well as being smaller than the females they are also comparatively slender.
Females will nest singly but normally two or more, and sometimes hundreds of, females will share a single nest entrance.
These bees often forage on spring-blossoming shrubs and trees as well as a variety of low-growing flowers.
In more southern parts of its distribution there may be a partial second generation in the summer if there is long spell of warm weather.
It is thought that the offspring complete their development in their brood cells in which they overwinter as fully developed adults before emerging in the following spring through nest entrance.
When the adults first emerge they meet each other in and around the burrows and the females are often mated before they can leave it.
When the bee forages on the flower for pollen the larvae attach themselves to the bee, enter its body and settle in the abdomen.
After some time the larvae break through between two abdominal segments of the bee, pupate and then emerge as imagos and begin the life cycle again.
However, in the screen credits none of them were listed.
Weir contributed to international campaigns for a financial transactions tax and quality public services.
Fraser initially requested a recount, but the request was later withdrawn.
While the newer setting is superficially very similar, the overall theme is one of "dark mystery", with an emphasis on the unknown and personal horror.
The dichotomy between rich and poor, influential and weak, powerful and powerless, is much more pronounced than in the real world.
Humans are unwitting victims or pawns of vast secret organizations of supernatural creatures.
The battles in these wars may last centuries, beyond the realization or comprehension of ordinary humans.
The mystical abilities of these non-human entities and their ability to alter reality at will are restricted by the rise of reason and disbelief in the supernatural and they are forced to rely on more mundane methods in their struggles for supremacy.
Despite the fantasy elements, the game emphasizes that any action has real world consequences, and abilities beyond what is considered normal by mainstream society will draw unwanted attention and potentially disastrous results.
This brought about new sets of character types, but more importantly it dictated the focus of all the sourcebooks published that year.
Fiction novels from each of the three major gaming lines concluded the official storyline.
This book established core rules and a tone and mood for games featuring human protagonists.
The old setting also made humans a minor threat to the supernatural races, but the new rules make it possible for humans to be powerful opponents to the things in the night.
The game also features a much more simplified combat system.
Combat scenes involving large numbers of combatants could take a very long time to resolve.
The nature and demeanor rules which represented the personality of the characters that were common in the old games have also been removed.
In the new system, characters have a virtue and a vice trait that not only represents the personality of the characters, depending on how well the player role-played the trait, but also represents actions that the character can take in order to regain willpower points that have been spent during the course of play.
The vices are the same as the deadly sins (lust, gluttony, greed, sloth, wrath, envy, pride), while the virtues correspond to the four cardinal virtues (prudence, justice, temperance, courage) and three theological virtues (faith, hope, charity).
In the game's second edition, players do not select virtues or vices from a list.
The morality stat represents the moral outlook of the character and the notion that, as a character takes more and more morally questionable actions, he/she will eventually stop feeling bad about it.
A character with a high morality would be more moral and saintly, while a person with a low morality would be able to take more dubious actions.
Morality was replaced entirely by an "integrity" stat which reflects a character's mental stability.
Integrity can be lowered not only by performing questionable actions, but by witnessing or being subjected to the horrors, supernatural or otherwise, that occur in the setting.
Supernatural traits still vary for each character type, but their interactions with each other are governed largely by a single, simple mechanic.
High levels of this trait often limit the character's ability to interact with the world.
The game concerns characters known as sin-eaters who, at the point of death, bonded with one of the strange entities known as geists.
Starting with that catastrophe, several supernatural beings and phenomenon appear, some accidental, some induced by the aliens to make mankind suffer to a level that allows them to enter reality.
It's very focused on movement and motion and capturing what it's like to be a vampire.
Paradox stated it planned to create "multiple digital games titles" following this acquisition.
A dedicated control room for piloting and related issues is also available.
They have a distinctive noun class system based largely on body parts, in which every noun and adjective may take a prefix according to which body part it is associated with (on the basis of shape, or functional association).
Thus, for instance, the *aka- at the beginning of the language names is a prefix for objects related to the tongue.
A stick or pencil is aka-yop, "pointed", from the tongue prefix.
A fallen tree is ar-yop, "rotten", from the prefix for limbs or upright things.
The story begins from the moment the labor camp is closed and demolished, includes the dog's best reminiscences of its past, and ends with the dog's violent death.
According to the author, the purpose of the novel was "to see the hell through the eyes of a dog who assumes it is a paradise".
Many other guard dogs of the camp had the same luck.
Initially all dogs used to come to the railway station, waiting in vain for a train with a fresh party of inmates.
At last a train arrives, bringing a party of enthusiastic workers for a "great construction site of communism" to be launched at the site of the camp.
Suddenly from all corners of the settlement the former guard dogs come out and take their usual posts around the column.
The newcomers are puzzled, but the locals know what's going on and watch with morose expectation.
And at the same time it is a picture of how these ideal qualities become perverted in the communist society.
Still, they both oversee the entire production of each release.
Each head has many yellow ray florets but no disc florets.
The species grows on mountain slopes and in forests and grasslands.
During this period the band's musical style was heavily metal influenced with very little clean vocals in any tracks.
It is a waterproofing material that is self healing, cold applied, and monolithic.
The primary distinguishing characteristic of a turbo seal is that it does not cure.
This quality is also an important aspect in self healing.
The province contains rich areas of biodiversity of a range of flora and fauna.
The amendment also made other changes to the southern border of the province.
Generally, the coast is subtropical with inland regions becoming progressively colder.
The local seat of each district municipality is given in parentheses.
They follow a route close inshore, often resulting in many fish washing up on beaches.
The huge shoal of tiny fish can stretch for many kilometres; it is preyed upon by thousands of predators, including game fish, sharks, dolphins and seabirds.
Scientists have been unable to answer many questions surrounding this exceptional seasonal event.
These hills are grass-covered and rolling, and they are lovely beyond any singing of it.
About you there is grass and bracken and you may hear the forlorn crying of the titihoya, one of the birds of the veld.
The strelitzia flower on the shield symbolizes the province's beauty, while the assegai and knobkierrie behind the shield represent protection and peace.
This was formerly a way of creating connections among the various peoples.
Sheep, cattle, dairy, citrus fruits, corn, sorghum, cotton, bananas, and pineapples are also raised.
Maize, livestock and dairy farmers operate on the outskirts of the city.
The province as a whole produces considerable amounts of coal (especially coke) and timber.
The area's rich biodiversity and efforts at conservation have been recognised.
Others come to hike in the mountains or explore the wetlands with guides.
In some heavily infected areas, the epidemic has disrupted society, with fatalities high among adults in their prime, and leaving many orphans to be cared for by elderly grandparents.
Fearing the inevitability that he will return to prison he struggles with the judicial system and attempts to ensure his freedom.
The stamps were mostly printed in one or two colors.
Indonesia, at this time, tried to seek international support and recognition.
Once a team is defeated in the provincial stage they are granted one more chance to compete for the title.
For the first few years of the championship the various counties were represented by the team who won the county club championship.
The new 'back-door system' proved successful and was expanded over the following years.
While two groups of four other teams played in a league format to fill the vacant four places in the quarter-finals.
The sponsor has usually been able to determine the championship's sponsorship name.
What is more remarkable is the fact that he ended up on the losing side on that occasion.
A number of players have been credited with enormous tallies.
This had a large bearing on the scoring records above with less goals being scored in open play following its introduction.
A point is scored when the ball is played by either team between the uprights and over the crossbar.
The ball shall not be thrown or carried over the goal-line by an attacking player.
The decision was controversial, with proponents claiming it frees clinical pathologists to practice their medical discipline, and critics claiming that it destabilizes patent law and will stunt investment in the field of personalized medicine, preventing new products and services from emerging in that field.
Prometheus sells diagnostic kits and also offers diagnostic services as a diagnostic testing lab.
Different people metabolize these drugs differently, so doctors have to work with patients to find the right dose.
If the dose is too high there are too many side effects, while if the dose is too low the drug does not work.
The debate between the two companies is based on a certain diagnostic test, specifically concerning the use of thiopurine drugs, which are used to treat autoimmune diseases.
While too low of a dosage is simply ineffective, too high of a dosage can cause various toxic effects including pancreatitis, hepatotoxicity, and myelosuppression (reduction in the ability to produce blood cells).
All parties acknowledged that the first two steps, by themselves, were already known, and that the third step contained the novel matter that drove the patent filing.
Mayo argued that only the third step mattered, and that the claims covered unpatentable subject matter.
Prometheus argued that all the steps in the claims had to be considered, and that the whole process was new and was patentable subject matter.
The court found that the first two steps were just "data-gathering", leaving the third step as merely an unpatentable mental step, comprising the correlation, because no step required a change in administered dose.
After all, even though a fundamental principle itself is not patent-eligible, processes incorporating a fundamental principle may be patent-eligible.
Those opposed to it found the reasoning poor, considered the decision to be destabilizing of patent law, and expressed concern about long-term effects on medicine.
An enormous number of patents will now have no enforceable claims.
Hundreds of billions of dollars in corporate value has been erased.
Claims are no such thing: they are definitions that articulate a specific combination of steps or structures.
They are objective in form and design, not subjective or advisory.
The notion that the claims here "trust" doctors to "use those laws" is at best silly, and at worst badly misguided.
In anatomy, a natural stoma is any opening in the body, such as the mouth.
Any hollow organ can be manipulated into an artificial stoma as necessary.
This includes the esophagus, stomach, duodenum, ileum, colon, pleural cavity, ureters, urinary bladder, and kidney pelvis.
The procedure involves bisecting this tube, usually between the later stage of the small intestine (ileum) and the large intestine or colon, hence colostomy, and exiting it from the body in the abdominal region.
The point of exiting is what is known as the stoma.
For greatest success and to minimize negative effects, it is preferable to perform this procedure as low down in the tract as possible, as this allows the maximal amount of natural digestion to occur before eliminating fecal matter from the body.
The stoma is usually covered with a removable pouching system (adhesive or mechanical) that collects and contains the output for later disposal.
Modern pouching systems enable most individuals to resume normal activities and lifestyles after surgery, often with no outward physical evidence of the stoma or its pouching system.
When planning the position of the stoma, a stoma nurse should bear in mind the height of the person's waist and beltline so that clothes can fit as before.
A new age of prosperity has begun to emerge and along with it, the rebirth of some of earth's great cities.
The player has an ordinary blaster which can be charged as well as access to an array of limited-use special items.
The game play changes slightly based on the pilot chosen.
However, they criticized the text between fights and the low quality voices.
Ware was a dedicated teacher, making sure every one of her approximate forty students was learning and understanding the course material.
She taught day classes for the children and also evening classes for the adults.
The progress was not easy and the school almost did not survive.
Ware was busy constantly providing teaching, lessons, and readings to keep the children busy and away from temptations.
She gave up her leisure time to guide children away from those who would undo her work.
Artifacts found in the tomb caused some archaeologists to believe that salt production flourished in the area during this period, although conclusive evidence has yet to have been found.
While they are recognised by family surnames, they arrived first mostly in the form of clans.
Despite the immigration and light development of agriculture, the area was still relatively barren and had to rely on the salt, pearl and fishery trades to produce income.
Designed to prevent contact with foreigners, it also restricted local sea activity.
The depot has a covered porch on one end that connected to the waiting room.
The station agent's office was located in the middle of the building, and a freight room was on the other end.
The depot was sold to a local produce company for use as a warehouse.
The new owners rehabilitated the depot and turned it into a restaurant and bakery.
The metal sticks are typically extensible, with a handle on one end and an adjustable clamp on the other end to hold the device in place.
A photo from that year shows a man taking a photograph of himself and his wife, with the aid of a long pole which is pointed towards the camera and out of frame.
Amateur box cameras of the period would not have been able to capture a self-portrait in focus when held at arm's length, requiring photographers to use remote shutter devices such as cables or sticks.
One character holds a silver stick in front of herself and another character, smiles at the end of the stick as it produces a camera flash, and immediately unfurls a printed photograph of the pair from the stick's handle.
Extended forms of selfie sticks can hold laptop computers to take selfies from a webcam.
The first two methods usually adapt the device's physical means of triggering the camera shutter such as the volume controls or the dedicated camera button of the device, which are replicated on headphones with on-cord controls, and are seen by the device as headphone devices.
The device gives more practical use in situations that require assistance for difficult photographs.
It allows the user to take photographs in otherwise dangerous situations such as taking a photo over a cliff or from the door of an airplane.
The device is sometimes used to take selfies that involve the photographer inside a moving vehicle.
Some selfie sticks have telescoping capabilities that allow for greater length and wider shots.
Organisers have cited their role in the "illegal recording" of bands' sets, and the inconvenience and safety issues to fellow audience members.
The sticks have been banned in some museums, galleries and historical sites because of concerns about possible damage to artworks and other objects.
Selfie sticks have been banned from many sporting events both for their "nuisance value" and for interfering with other spectators' enjoyment or view.
The development has a gym that is for the use for all residents.
The tunnels are still used today as storage areas, stables, and cellars.
Of the four floors open to tourists, each space is organized around ventilation shafts.
This makes the design of each room or open space dependent on the availability of ventilation.
The small size of the stable could indicate that other stables exist in the sections not yet opened.
To the left of the stable is a passage with a millstone door.
To the right of the stables are rooms, possibly living spaces.
Located on the second floor is a church with a nave and two apses.
Located in front of the apses is a baptismal font, and on the sides along the walls are seating platforms.
Names of people contained in graves here coincide with those located next to the church, which supports the idea that these graves belonged to religious people.
The third floor contains the most important areas of the underground compound: storage places, wine or oil presses, and kitchens.
The level also contains a remarkable block of andesite with relief textures.
Recently it was shown that this stone was used for cold-forming copper.
The stone was hewn from an andesite layer within the complex.
In order for it to be used in metallurgy, fifty-seven holes were carved into the stone.
The high number of storage rooms and areas for earthenware jars on the fourth floor indicates some economic stability.
Kaymakli is one of the largest underground settlements in the region.
The large area reserved for storage in such a limited area appears to indicate the need to support a large population underground.
Currently only a fraction of the complex is open to the public.
Some of the upper slopes have recently been planted with grape vines.
The northern part of the parish has a diversity of small fields,hedges and woodlands supporting a wide range of species.
Adders are found on the common and grass snakes throughout.
Buzzards returned to the area several years ago and breed regularly.
A full habitat survey of the parish is being undertaken.
There is a modern sports pavilion, adjoining hard tennis courts and a children's play area.
The responsibilities include footpaths, the cricket ground and pavilion, tennis courts, children's play equipment and the assessment of planning applications.
It has overall responsibility for the village hall, which is run by a management committee.
The next higher level of government is the district council.
He was a senior reporter and was responsible for the pages of tourism and gastronomy, while actively collaborating on the literary section.
It was designed to be a sturdy aircraft for inexperienced solo pilots and so uses a simple and rugged construction and has docile handling characteristics.
The rear part of the wing is fabric-covered and the ailerons are plywood-covered.
He continued in charge there for the rest of his life.
They often involve meetups, but can be distributed as well.
It has four double patent sails carried on a cast-iron windshaft.
When the mill was built, it had two pairs of millstones.
Later a third and then a fourth pair were added.
At one time, the mill generated its own electricity to power electric lights within the mill.
Its programs are available to students at the member schools.
Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
He has described himself as having been a "bad" student, finding inspiration outside the classroom, and being interested in art and sports.
The film was a huge success and made him a major bankable star, cementing his screen image as an intelligent, reliable, sometimes sardonic good guy.
After a great deal of hype, the film opened to mixed reviews and disappointing box office.
He received very high acclaim for his performance in the film, in which he is its only cast member and there is almost no dialogue.
A pre-determined overhead rate is the rate used to apply manufacturing overhead to work-in-process inventory.
The pre-determined overhead rate is calculated before the period begins.
The first step is to estimate the amount of the activity base that will be required to support operations in the upcoming period.
The second step is to estimate the total manufacturing cost at that level of activity.
The third step is to compute the predetermined overhead rate by dividing the estimated total manufacturing overhead costs by the estimated total amount of cost driver or activity base.
Common activity bases used in the calculation include direct labor costs, direct labor hours, or machine hours.
A pre-determined overhead rate is normally the term when using a single, plant-wide base to calculate and apply overhead.
Overhead is then applied by multiplying the pre-determined overhead rate by the actual driver units.
Any difference between applied overhead and the amount of overhead actually incurred is called over- or under-applied overhead.
If an actual rate is computed monthly or quarterly, seasonal factors in overhead costs or in the activity base can produce fluctuations in the overhead rate.
If the overhead rate is recomputed at the end of each month or each quarter based on actual costs and activity, the overhead rate would go up in the winter and summer and down in the spring and fall.
As a result, two identical jobs, one completed in the winter and one completed in the spring, would be assigned different manufacturing overhead costs.
Many managers believe that such fluctuations in product costs serve no useful purpose.
To avoid such fluctuations, actual overhead rates could be computed on an annual or less-frequent basis.
However, if the overhead rate is computed annually based on the actual costs and activity for the year, the manufacturing overhead assigned to any particular job would not be known until the end of the year.
For these reasons, most companies use predetermined overhead rates rather than actual overhead rates in their cost accounting systems.
The use of such a rate enables an enterprise to determine the approximate total cost of each job when completed.
In recent years increased automation in manufacturing operations has resulted in a trend towards machine hours as the activity base in the calculation.
Machine time: this basis is used when manufacturing is mostly automated.
For example, if we choose the labor hours to be the basis then we will multiply the rate by the direct labor hours in each task during the manufacturing process.
He described this goal as "the moment of my career".
A latter season drop in form saw the club finish in third place and having to compete in the playoffs.
The opportunity for unauthorized third parties to eavesdrop on data transmissions increased proportionally.
This protocol enabled applications to communicate across a network in a private and secure fashion, discouraging eavesdropping, tampering, and message forgery.
Explicit mode differs in that the client has full control over what areas of the connection are to be encrypted.
It is generally advised to enter such a state prior to user authentication and authorization in order to avoid the eavesdropping of user name and password data by third parties.
When these certificates are signed by a trusted certificate authority, this provides assurance that the client is connected to the requested server, avoiding a man-in-the-middle attack.
The client can choose to accept the certificate or reject the connection.
This problem can be solved with the use of a limited range of ports for data and configuring the firewall to open these ports.
The state uses first-past-the-post method territorial constituencies for electing members to the lower house.
The members of the upper house are indirectly-elected by special constituencies or nominated by the governor.
Further, the legislative assembly of the state can decide to create an upper house - the council or abolish the upper house at any point of time.
This unique relation between the two houses was specified in the constitution to strike a balance between large and small states - with the former demanding for more political participation, while the latter citing financial constraints in maintaining two houses.
The upper house cannot be dissolved and one third of its members retire every second year.
The term of the legislative assembly is five years from the date appointed for its first meeting.
The cabinet is collectively responsible to the lower house and is in power as long as it enjoys the confidence of the lower house.
Ministers are generally members of the lower house, however, they can be a member of either house.
A bill can originate in either house, though money bills can originate only in the lower house.
The upper house can only suggest modifications to the bill which is passed by the assembly.
If the assembly decides to ignore the changes made by the upper house in its second reading, the council has to accept the bill in original form passed by the assembly.
The only power of the council, in ordinary or money bills is to introduce some delay into the legislative process.
The specified electorate is divided into territorial constituencies and members are elected on a first-past-the-post basis.
Short for positive music, posi music is categorized by its intention to have a positive effect on the listener.
Musicians who write and perform posi music profess a desire for their music to unite and inspire their audience and make them feel better.
Unlike gospel and contemporary worship music, posi music's lyrics are less specifically spiritual.
Increasingly, there are groups of posi music artists who are dedicating most, if not all, of their music specifically to uplifting or motivational topics.
As favor for the genre has grown, entire record labels have been dedicated to publication of posi music.
As always, a selection of mainstream pop music would also fit into the genre of posi music, touching on major themes such as friendship and gratitude.
Usually it centers around the lyrics rather than the music itself.
Often it is affirmational, though sometimes it is a call directing the listener to make changes to how they live.
Posi music can be spiritual, but it is not specifically religious in nature.
This is by design, as posi music is meant to be enjoyed by people of all faiths.
Posi music is marketed for use in retreats, workshops, fitness centers, counseling centers, therapy, nursing homes and hospitals.
Repudiation is the formal or informal act by which a husband renounces his wife in certain cultures and religions.
The team only played five games that year including two against local high school teams.
The football team played their homes games indoors until the program was discontinued.
This was done despite the presence of hulking imports with no height limit - imports he played alongside and against with.
While the inbound was successful, the team failed to convert this into a basket and lost the game.
Jaworski worked with veterans and rookie players alike in trying to earn respectability during this period.
The area became economically destitute and considered a "ghetto" as businesses closed and productivity stagnated in the neighborhood.
Roddy's friends were impressed by his skills, encouraged him to continue freestyling for them, and eventually suggested that he invest more time in his music.
Although he enjoyed freestyling, he was not recording music and resisted his cousin's repeated attempts to get him in the studio.
He is known for his speed, endurance, and precision as a performer.
He is known for having a drum corps background, but never actually marched a summer season.
The length of his drumming inactivity was in part due to a broken wrist, as well as the fact that he simply could not find a band he wanted to play with.
Her basic works are on practical psychology and psychological protection.
She is an author of conceptual model of interaction of thinking of the person with system of the subconscious and realized psychological barriers, and also mechanisms and ways of their overcoming.
The game became a grinder in which the lead tied or changed seven times.
Cancer; research includes metastasis, cell crosstalk, anti-tumour immunity, and therapeutic resistance and sensitivity.
Hexima focusses on commercialising plant-derived proteins and peptides for crop genetic engineering and human antimicrobial and anti-cancer therapeutics.
The top three levels of the building contain large interdisciplinary laboratories shared by multiple research teams.
The cellular facade features chromosomal design features that reflect the molecular research undertaken within the building, and is surrounded by landscaped courtyards.
Additional teaching facilities are spread through the other institute buildings.
Sofer ruled that once the baby is "partially born", one cannot even injure the baby to save the mother, unless non-interference will mean both mother and child die.
He stood out among his contemporaries at depicting social realism.
His literary reputation was also damaged by the detractors he accumulated due to his outsized and easily bruised ego, alcoholic crankiness, long held resentments and his focus on social ephemera, all of which at times overshadowed his gift for story telling.
During the early part of his career he was also a film critic, a radio commentator and a press agent; later, with his reputation established, he became a newspaper columnist.
He published seven volumes of stories in the final decade of his career while complaining that they took his time away from writing novels.
Two more volumes of his stories were published soon after his death.
His most biting critics regard his novels to be shallow and overly concerned with sexual desire, drinking and surface details at the expense of deeper meaning.
You will note that among them is no recognition by the institutions of higher learning.
He complains that the colleges write him "highly complimentary" letters asking him to perform "chores" such as officiating as writer-in-residence, judging literary contests, and give lectures, yet do not give him degree citations.
There is a yard affront the mosque boundary opened at a modern gate in the east.
Four octagonal pillars making stronger the corners of the mosque and passing through the horizontal parapets those are topped with kalasa finials.
Two bigger domes built on the roof keeping middle main dome, based on rectangular supporting structure inside the mosque like half domed vim.
Out of five exits three in the east and each one in the north and south side, middle main door is bigger.
The fifth season featured a number of recurring and guest actors whose characters contributed significantly to the series plotlines.
His work has been showcased at museums and galleries internationally.
This concept had its origin in ancient religious processions and self-propelled tableaux.
While at this boarding school, she noticed how mean the other girls were to each other while competing for status amongst the teachers.
Darius had to set up camp on this narrow coastal plain.
Geographic features of the territory were named after communist organizations, events and personalities.
Each of the four prefectures is combined with several police stations and customer service offices.
The agency is further responsible for organizing and cooperating within the international protection protocols.
The main figure on the flag is a white standing lion holding a national small coat of arms with its first pawns.
Short track speed skating is a form of competitive ice speed skating.
Short track speed skating is the sister sport to long track speed skating.
Including cursing at a competitor, kicking your feet, striking other skaters or officials, etc.
On the second violation in the race, the offender on that start is disqualified.
In relay races, each team has four skaters, who can take turns freely by tagging.
All skaters of each team must take at least one turn, and only one exchange is allowed in the final three laps.
Usually, the outgoing skater pushes the incoming skater to help the teammate to gain speed.
All-points meets are usually held at the local level in only certain provinces.
Age class meets are utilized at the provincial and national levels.
Popper was a professional educator himself before he started to do philosophy.
However, as a philosopher, he did not advocate any concrete pedagogy, although he had some general views on the issue.
She reached her present rank after only six years of service.
The matches are presented in the running commentary style of sports announcing with a small graphic depicting where the ball is.
In reality there was no recognised top flight footballer with this name.
By adding a large dose of nicotine, the ganglion (site of relay between pre- and postganglionic fibers) is blocked.
If there is still a response, the fiber does not relay in the ganglion.
But if there is no response, the fiber relays ("synapses") in the ganglion.
They were able to take this information and develop their test to determine the end points of different nerve fibers.
The airline failed to obtain its license to operate as a commercial airline, but it could fly its sole aircraft.
The liberal faction was predominantly supported by the entrepreneurial and middle classes.
However, after the war, a host of constitutional amendments undermined their power base.
Two ideological groupings emerged in the party: the 'old' classical liberals and the 'young' progressive liberals.
Drewe was sentenced to six years for conspiracy and served two.
He now works alongside law enforcement in helping to expose fraudsters.
He has a private sitting with one celebrity each episode and paints a portrait of them in the style of a famous artist.
It is crossed by the river of the same name.
Another important element of its social structure is the migratory component that is added to its population.
It is considered the certification system of choice for small forest owners.
It responded to the need for a mechanism enabling the independent development of national standards tailored to the political, economic, social, environmental and cultural realities of the respective countries, while at the same time ensuring compliance with internationally accepted requirements and global recognition.
These guidelines also outline processes for revising and amending standards, and provide those who utilise the standard with the security of future certainty.
She often talked to me about [a] move into directing.
Non-stop transcript can occur when transcriptions revoke owing to point mutation that damage the stop codon.
Moreover, some transcriptions are more likely to preserve the low scale of gene expression in a particular state.
Crim filed a preliminary motion seeking a temporary restraining order against certification of the results until the merits of the case for a new primary could be decided.
Clayton filed a suit in federal court, but lost when the judge found there were no grounds for the suit at the federal level.
The exact cause of death was not given in these early reports.
According to his official website, he died following a long illness.
Creating cartels or consortiums to increase the price of exports.
They state that the banks often made loans without proper due diligence to people who had little means to repay the loans.
Thaksin's supporters often counter by pointing out that the percentage of non-performing loans in the banking system has fallen during his administration.
Critics also claimed that no detailed studies and analysis on the losses and gains have been made public.
It is used for undergraduate instruction and for graduate-level research.
Persistent allegations of money-laundering and drug-trafficking had dogged the company for years.
The state prosecutor for the case had recommended for the case to be closed, since there is no evidence to prove the accusations.
This is done in order to create an economic hardship on the alleged foreign narcotics traffickers.
An engine depot (of which only the disused locomotive shed survives) and a railway station were constructed at the junction.
But on the first exploration, the crew is attacked by gigantic and apparently primitive aliens.
Before she can communicate it, a highly advanced alien vessel (far more advanced than the human team's own ship) emerges from a wormhole, with a member of the "primitive" alien race on board.
Having downloaded the location of the homeworld of these bloodthirsty aliens that would murder children from their ship's computer, this "father" then sends a bomb killing the remaining crew.
In his plays, he has a very naturalistic worldview and bitter language.
Most places in his plays are coffeehouses and dirty places from downtown.
These characters use a simple and sometimes rude language, but at the same time they think about very difficult problems like death and life.
Other common abnormalities include short head (as measured front to back), small broad upturned nose with flat nasal bridge, protruding jaw, increased bone age, intrauterine growth retardation, juvenile arthritis and short stature.
Further abnormalities of the skin, genitals, teeth, and skeleton may occur.
Most reported cases have been sporadic, but it has been suggested that the condition might be genetically related i.e.
The disorder has been associated with the older age of parents at the time of conception.
There were no reports of societal abuses or discrimination based on religious belief or practice, and prominent societal leaders took positive steps to promote religious freedom.
In recent years this court determined that it is illegal to block the access of any group to its religious services and that criticism of religious belief is a protected free speech right.
Registration requirements are the same for all religious groups, and there were no reports that any group was refused permission to register or subjected to unusual delays or obstacles in the registration process.
Government officials accorded respect to prominent leaders of all religious groups by attending their induction ceremonies, funerals, and other religious celebrations.
State-operated television featured coverage of the celebration of religious holidays and special events in the lives of prominent religious leaders, including ordination anniversaries and funerals.
There were no reports of religious prisoners or detainees in the country.
Due to the diversity of religious affiliations within families and communities, religious tolerance was widespread at all levels of society and in all regions.
Interfaith dialogue occurred regularly, and citizens respected different religious traditions and practices, including syncretistic beliefs.
This article incorporates text from this source, which is in the public domain.
She argued that it was the religious duty of women, as daughters, wives, and mothers, to provide the influence for good that would improve society.
It was quite common for women, as well as men, to believe that they should not be educated in the full range of subjects, but should focus on domestic skills.
After thirty-five years of marriage they died within a week of each other.
The show follows various fairy-tale characters who were transported to the real world and robbed of their original memories by a powerful curse.
As such, she is the only person who can break the curse and restore the characters' lost memories.
Episodes usually have one segment that details the characters' past lives that, when serialized, adds a piece to the puzzle about the characters and their connection to the events that preceded the curse and its consequences.
The other, set in the present day, follows a similar pattern with a different outcome but also offers similar insights.
They presented the premise to networks, but were refused because of its fantastic nature.
The pilot is meant to be the "template of the series".
Horowitz stated that everyone they initially wanted for roles in the series accepted their roles after being sent a script.
He's still a man with the same emotions as any other man.
Bailey returned in a recurring arc towards the end of the season after being absent from the show since the second season.
Ory also returned to the series in a recurring capacity after being absent since the third-season finale.
Several independent kingdoms are implied by an array of different rulers.
Most of the stories detailed their earlier lives before ascension to power and being influenced by their mentors through their upbringings.
Some of the worlds within the universe are mostly based fairy tales where witchcraft plays a vital role in the lands.
These worlds are known to not sustain living inhabitants, merely souls of the living in some and the deceased in others, with exception of the deities.
Several feminist outlets were pleased with the show for its feminist twist on fairy tales.
This effect concerns the phenomenon of being able to focus one's auditory attention on a particular stimulus while filtering out a range of other stimuli.
Cherry found that participants were able to detect their name from the unattended channel, the channel they were not shadowing.
He was able to conclude that almost none of the rejected messages were able to penetrate the block set up, except subjectively "important" messages.
Personal names, taboo language, and backward language are the "subjectively" important messages that have been found to date.
This ability to selectively attend to one's own name has been found in infants as young as five months of age and appears to be fully developed by thirteen months of age.
Cherry found that the verbal content of the message in the unattended channel was completely blocked, so that the words were treated as merely sounds.
This allows the subject to know that something has stimulated the ear whose message is rejected.
It may be thought of as a general warning signal, that a sound has occurred to which the subject might need to respond.
This number has increased over the years and is still developing.
Affinity labels are molecules similar in structure to a particular substrate for a specific enzyme and are considered to be a class of enzyme inhibitors.
These molecules covalently modify active site residues in order to reveal the active site and thus elucidate its structure.
The label binds covalently to the enzyme so that the substrate can no longer bind, causing a permanent and irreversible change.
Their usefulness is limited as they are often indiscriminate in their action, and therefore non-selective and inherently toxic.
His aptitude as an artist arose at an early age; when still a boy, he used to draw with pencils and coal.
In that moment, one of the most important partnerships in samba history was born.
It is regarded as an influential book in the field, being one of the first to take an investigative approach to writing about his subject.
They have a strong pungent odor and are used by carp fisherman as bait.
The shell coloration varies from yellowish to olive-brown, usually with four dark bands.
Although the various species were distinguished by relative sizes, coloration patterns, and ornamentation, identification could be confusing.
This snail has disappeared from all portions of its historic habitats that have been impounded by dams.
Dams change such areas by eliminating or reducing currents, and thus allowing sediments to accumulate on inundated channel habitats.
Impounded waters also experience changes in water chemistry, which could affect survival or reproduction of riverine snails.
Such physical and chemical changes can affect feeding, respiration, and reproduction of these riffle and shoal snail species.
Most of the area are hilly, a part of the area are mountainous.
Agriculture as to that part of the island remains to be its main economy.
The island has a dry climate with occasional torrential downpours.
He currently also trains various celebrities and is in the midst of opening his personal gym.
This was to change when it lost the freight contact.
This was largely blamed on high maintenance costs and high competition.
The content industry is an umbrella term that encompasses companies owning and providing mass media and media metadata.
This can include music and movies, text publications of any kind, ownership of standards, geographic data, and metadata about all and any of the above.
They have a goal of hosting and governing disability sport on the local level around the country.
While the organization is a private non-profit entity, by law it also serves a public interest.
The organization's website provides information about the rules of sports, a calendar of events, and information on classification.
While originally created only for people with physical disabilities, it soon became a catchall organization representing multiple disability types including people with cerebral palsy.
The album went on to become one of the most influential and iconic albums of all time and its songs have remained classic rock staples.
It features a boy who is riding so fast and ecstatically that he is unable to see an obstruction until it is "way too late".
A further twist is that the reason the man will never love the woman is because he already loves another woman, who broke up with him because she already loved another man.
The cover depicts a motorcycle, ridden by a long-haired man, bursting out of the ground in a graveyard.
In the background, a large bat perches atop a mausoleum that towers above the rest of the tombstones.
Reviews were initially mixed, but have since become much more positive.
These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
The meeting focuses on all aspects of high performance computing systems and their scientific, engineering, and commercial applications.
Reasoning that his wife died because the ambulance did not arrive to the site in time, he ends his boxing career and becomes a nurse instead.
He consented with the removal of his late wife's eyes for organ donation.
In present day, both of them work at the same clinic.
Residents responded by presenting arguments to support their own schools.
Molly finds him good crush material, and she incessantly tells herself that she likes him so she can get both her first kiss and her twin back.
The inflorescence is a cylindrical array of lavender flowers which dries to a cone of spine-tipped hard bracts.
Rain water can collect in this receptacle; this may perform the function of preventing sap-sucking insects such as aphids from climbing the stem.
Teasels are easily identified with their prickly stem and leaves, and the inflorescence of purple, dark pink or lavender flowers that form a head on the end of the stem(s).
Teasels are often grown in gardens and encouraged on some nature reserves to attract them.
The dried flower heads were attached to spindles, wheels, or cylinders, sometimes called teasel frames, to raise the nap on fabrics (that is, to tease the fibres).
However, some people who weave wool still prefer to use teasels for raising the nap, claiming that the result is better; in particular, if a teasel meets serious resistance in the fabric, it will break, whereas a metal tool would rip the cloth.
This last is a synopsis of a variety of sources and, apparently, a later addition.
The collation of the original quires is difficult to determine due to the loss of some leaves.
Most signatures are in the corner of the lower margin of the final verso.
At the same time it is seen as evidence dating the manuscript to the first half of the tenth century.
Her mother and her mother's friends all encouraged her to be a model or actress due to her tall and slim body shape.
Her childhood dream was to become a flight attendant, but later gave up after a plane flight experience.
Jun's growing popularity resulted in many companies requesting her endorsement.
There were also signs that her popularity had started to suffer because of overexposure in advertisements.
She went through three months of hard training to play the sword-wielding martial arts heroine.
She was reportedly involved in every stage of their production, from design to deciding on fit and wash and their decoration with accessories.
The series was a ratings success, sparking trends in fashion, make-up and restaurants.
The album delay was somewhat attributed to the length of time it took to record.
Logic is not a closed, completed science, and presumably, it will never stop developing: the logical analysis can penetrate into varying depths of the language (sentences regarded as atomic, or splitting them to predicates applied to individual terms, or even revealing such fine logical structures like modal, temporal, dynamic, epistemic ones).
In order to achieve its special goal, logic was forced to develop its own formal tools, most notably its own grammar, detached from simply making direct use of the underlying natural language.
If we fill them in with appropriate subexpressions, then the resulting entirely completed expression can be regarded as a result, an output.
Thus, a functor acts like a function sign, taking on input expressions, resulting in a new, output expression.
Semantic values can be attributed to expressions in basic categories: the reference of an individual name (the "designated" object named by that) is called its extension; and as for sentences, their truth value is called also extension.
In case of a so-called extensional functor we can in a sense abstract from the "material" part of its inputs and output, and regard the functor as a function turning directly the extension of its input(s) into the extension of its output.
Of course, it is assumed that we can do so at all: the extension of input expression(s) determines the extension of the resulting expression.
Extensional logic cannot reach inside such fine logical structures of the language, it stops at a coarser level.
Modal logic can be regarded also as the most simple appearance of such studies: it extends extensional logic just with a few sentential functors: these are intensional, and they are interpreted (in the metarules of semantics) as quantifying over possible worlds.
The answer to this question characterizes the precise nature of the system, and many exist, answering moral and temporal questions (in a temporal system, the accessibility relation covers states or 'instants' and only the future is accessible from a given moment.
Syntactically, the operators are not quantifiers, they do not bind variables, but govern whole sentences.
It is a plain, two story frame commercial building with a one story porch across the front with a shed roof.
Next, the participants were given a recall test, in which they were shown one item in each pair and attempted to recall from memory the matching item.
The function predicts a moderate correlation between recognition and cued recall, suggesting a need to distinguish between retrieval based on the familiarity of an item's specific properties and retrieval based on the recollection of relational information between two items.
There is also some contradictory evidence that bases recognition failure on retrieval failure.
Kepler has a small rampart of ejecta surrounding the exterior of its high rim.
The outer wall is not quite circular, and possesses a slightly polygonal form.
Boeing was located a few miles north of the city, which provided a close place for workers to live.
The mayor is elected by the city at large, and eight council members are elected to represent four wards.
The other primary element of the park is a deep bowl (four feet) with varied side slopes, including ramps, stairs and rails.
Derby offers numerous parks, some passive for relaxation and reflection, and most with playground equipment or sports facilities.
In addition to on-site activities, the center has programs for home-bound seniors, including a reassurance calling program and meals.
Many patrons enjoy playing cards, listening to music, walking on treadmills, eating or playing a game of pool.
There are a wide variety of events that serve a variety of interests.
In addition to a convenient pedestrian and bike path system, the city also offers public transportation.
This service enables persons to be less dependent on others for basic need transportation.
Thus the claim was directed to an algorithm alone and therefore was not patentable.
What patent attorneys/agents had been doing in the meantime, however, was to get patent protection on software inventions by claiming the algorithm in combination with the general purpose digital computer programmed to carry out the algorithm.
Thus they technically purported to be claiming a new machine and this, the lower patent court held, was patentable.
It also remains a contested issue whether process patent claims must be directed to a transformation of substances or else embody a nontrivial, novel implementing machine or device.
The band has led worship all over the country for many years.
The home jerseys are white backgrounds with navy blue sleeves and red trim.
The away jerseys are navy blue backgrounds with red sleeves and white trim.
He released twelve studio albums as a solo artist and played a variety of musical styles in a career spanning more than four decades, but is best known for his work in jazz fusion.
His unique legato soloing technique stemmed from his original desire to play the saxophone.
Having been unable to afford one, he strove to use the guitar to create similarly smooth lines of notes.
They played live but would never release any recorded material.
Immediately afterwards he abruptly slowed down his solo output due to events within his personal life.
He incorporated a vast array of complex chord progressions and intricate solos, the latter comprising myriad scale forms often derived from those such as the diminished, augmented, whole tone, chromatic and altered scales.
The harmonic structure of his pieces can be highly abstruse, with frequently shifting tonal centres, and his soloing follows from a self-taught advanced modal framework derived directly from his unusually-voiced chords.
His phrasing almost always featured striking yet subtle transitions between notes that often work contrary to the listener's expectations of consonance and dissonance, with wide and unpredictable intervallic leaps.
In his solos he extensively used various fast legato techniques such as slides, hammer-ons and pull-offs (the latter being a personalised method more akin to a 'reversed' hammer-on); all of which produce a fluid lead sound.
One of the reasons for his renowned emphasis on legato, as opposed to picking, stemmed from a desire to make the sound between picked and legato notes indistinguishable.
He said that he preferred both of these instruments to the guitar, the latter of which was not his first choice of instrument upon receiving one from his father when beginning to play music.
It was because of this unfamiliarity with the guitar, combined with attempting to make it sound more like a saxophone, that he originally began to use legato without realising that it was not a common method of playing at the time.
Initially no cause of death was officially disclosed, however it was later revealed that he died of heart disease.
Should one of them die, the survivor would receive the whole of the trust income for the rest of her life.
The will also stipulated that if the daughter should, upon death, have no children, twenty per cent of the trust capital (corpus) would go to such person as the daughter might designate in her will.
The destination of the other eighty per cent was arranged for in the parents' will.
She thus exercised her "power of appointment" in favour of her spouse.
Her father was therefore still alive when her will, in which she exercised her "power of appointment," came into operation.
Because he was still alive when she died, she could not exercise rights left to her in his will.
She could only validly exercise her rights if she survived him.
The college is composed of eight institutes, two inter-programs and three affiliated units.
It is a single-elimination tournament and seeding is based on regular season records.
A particular feature of the town is the extensive tree planting.
The alluvium provided fertile agricultural land and the river itself stocks of fish.
This left behind a legacy of fine agricultural soil and created a booming farming industry.
At that time, doctors recommended bathing in the sea to help cure aches and pains.
Other seaside bathing areas couldn't really get going until the railways were built some years later.
The crews battled against storm-force winds as they rowed towards the casualty.
Instead it relies entirely on donations from the general public.
This decision has been regretted by some of the population.
At the following election there were no gains and a drop in the number of votes for the party.
You can follow historic railways and canals and follow in the footsteps of packhorse traders on ancient salt routes.
From then the population has been stable with minor decline in some areas of the town.
However, the town kept afloat with people coming to spend the day by the seaside on bank holidays and weekends.
The town has diversified with annual events, shopping and conferences.
It is regarded as one of the hardest endurance races in the world.
Manufacturing has diminished in the last few decades and only a few sites are still in production in the town today.
The daughter of one of the neighbouring kings was given in marriage to the three-eyed king and managed to destroy the third eye.
It is flanked by low hills dotted with ancient pagodas to the east and west.
The port was important not only for inland navigation but also for international shipping.
It was once a busy shipbuilding center and remains an important port.
The city had a solar-powered plant for extracting salt from seawater and a diesel electric plant.
Another part of the performance included the use of guitar, voice and electronics.
He died one hour later from a heart attack due to injuries to his neck and chest.
A grand jury decided not to indict the offending police officer.
The new media opera consists of three main parts: artworks; a composition for piano, voice and electronics; and a video installation.
These three approaches to expression coexist as interactive parts among each other, especially with the live performance of the artist.
The focus is on the mental process of creating, a constant need for documenting new ideas, emphasizing the importance of the phenomenon of creativity.
Especially during the first years of their existence when these courts "had a strong deterrent effect" against any form of political protest.
Because of these ominous connotations, the term "concentration camp", originally itself a euphemism, has been replaced by newer terms such as internment camp, resettlement camp, detention facility, etc., regardless of the actual circumstances of the camp, which can vary a great deal.
Prisoners were transported in inhumane conditions by rail freight cars, in which many died before reaching their final destination.
The prisoners were confined in the boxcars for days or even weeks, with little or no food or water.
Many died of dehydration in the intense heat of summer or froze to death in winter.
Prisoners were officially selected based on their medical condition; namely, those permanently unfit for labor due to illness.
Conditions were brutal and prisoners were often sent to the gas chambers or killed on site if they did not work quickly enough.
Towards the end of the war, the camps became sites for medical experiments.
Eugenics experiments, freezing prisoners to determine how downed pilots were affected by exposure, and experimental and lethal medicines were all tried at various camps.
Although none of the categories are independent, many camps could be classified as a mixture of several of the above.
All camps had some of the elements of an extermination camp, but systematic extermination of new arrivals by gas chambers only occurred in specialized camps.
He also designs and builds recording studios and custom gear.
A fan of filtering pieces of music, his work is often underlined by layers of resonant loops with sharp filter q's.
He has stated in interviews that he prides himself in the fact that he has tried to use different drum sounds for every beat he has made, whether released or unreleased.
It is too early to judge the extent to which they are effective in performing their role.
These figures reflect early expectations but were neither clarified nor confirmed with the designation announcement.
This is apparent in the contrasting approaches taken and the variety of opinions expressed by network founders.
According to local folklore, there are unfamiliar creatures lurking inside never to have been seen by human eyes.
This isn't advertised as a tourist spot though and has not been developed for tourism purposes.
When integrated into the ensemble, it functions as a secondary melodic instrument after the main melodic instrument, the kulintang.
The gongs are arranged in graduated fashion in pairs with knobs of the lower-pitched gongs facing each other and the higher-pitched gongs doing the same.
Normally, the lower-pitched gongs would be situated on the left side and the higher pitched gongs on the right side of the player if he/she were right-handed.
The gongs, themselves, although variable in pitch, are relatively similar in size.
Comparatively, these newer gongs have a higher pitch and are smaller in size than those made in older times.
In olden style of play, strictly done by women, the patterns used function to feature/highlight/reinforce the rhythmic modes already established by the singular babendil and dabakan.
Women players would use a limited number of patterns that were repeated to provide a sonorous foundation to the entire ensemble.
Traditionally, because of strict rules forbidding direct conversational interactions between the sexes, the gandingan presented a means for teenagers to interact with one another.
Every time the villagers received the signal, they would disappear leaving the soldiers aloof until the soldiers themselves brought in a translator who told them, the gandingan was responsible for the scurry.
The origins of the gongs themselves are still disputed by scholars.
The band performed in the final episode of the season, which has only the performances of independent music producers.
For the purposes of this list, series that were available only on a local or regional basis will be excluded.
Rational love is love based upon intellect, reason or spirituality rather than natural love which is based upon instinct, intuition or romance.
The highway proceeds southward, entering rural areas and intersecting several small roads.
The roadway proceeds east, intersecting several county roads and traveling past several small houses.
It continues, passing over another creek before it bends eastward.
Leather working, baking, sewing, printmaking and other trades were incorporated into the curriculum.
Athletic teams play both area public schools and other state deaf schools from the region.
In this function, he experienced the end of the war and was quickly released from the navy.
A real escaped gorilla shows up at the mansion just as the investigators arrive.
Lugosi: his life in films, on stage, and in the hearts of horror lovers.
He has helped push robotics into the mainstream and brought the term "popular robotics" into the public eye.
In addition to robotics software for personal and professional use.
The diocese hired a business manager, and the chancery and other administrative offices of the diocese were moved to a larger building downtown.
It states that a people, based on respect for the principle of equal rights and fair equality of opportunity, have the right to freely choose their sovereignty and international political status with no interference.
The principle does not state how the decision is to be made, nor what the outcome should be, whether it be independence, federation, protection, some form of autonomy or full assimilation.
There are conflicting definitions and legal criteria for determining which groups may legitimately claim the right to self-determination.
By extension the term self-determination has come to mean the free choice of one's own acts without external compulsion.
Nationalism emerged as a uniting ideology not only between competing powers, but also for groups that felt subordinated or disenfranchised inside larger states; in this situation, self-determination can be seen as a reaction to imperialism.
Such groups often pursued independence and sovereignty over territory, but sometimes a different sense of autonomy has been pursued or achieved.
Such support, however, never became official government policy, due to balancing of other national interests.
In none of these areas were the opinions of affected people consulted, or given significant priority.
It postulated a new international law-based right of freedom to exercise economic self-determination.
However, the charter and other resolutions did not insist on full independence as the best way of obtaining self-government, nor did they include an enforcement mechanism.
The territoriality issue inevitably would lead to more conflicts and independence movements within many states and challenges to the assumption that territorial integrity is as important as self-determination.
To achieve this, a variety of means was implemented, including the orchestration of coups, sponsoring of anti-communist countries and military interventions.
Inside those new republics, four major areas have claimed their own independence, but not received widespread international recognition.
As noted, self-determination movements remain strong in some areas of the world.
The international reaction to these new movements has been uneven and often dictated more by politics than principle.
In cases where people lack representation by a state's government, the unrepresented become a separate people.
Present international law does not recognize ethnic and other minorities as separate peoples, with the notable exception of cases in which such groups are systematically disenfranchised by the government of the state they live in.
Other definitions offered are "peoples" being self-evident (from ethnicity, language, history, etc.
Or the definition may be simply that a people is a group of individuals who unanimously choose a separate state.
If the "people" are unanimous in their desire for self-determination, it strengthens their claim.
Libertarians who argue for self-determination distinguish between the voluntary nation (the land, the culture, the terrain, the people) and the state, the coercive apparatus, which they have a right to choose or self-determine.
Thus, self-determination grants individuals the right to form "a people," which then has the right to establish an independent state, as long as they grant the same to all other individuals and peoples.
This implies a people should be free to choose their own state and its territorial boundaries.
However, there are far more self-identified nations than there are existing states and there is no legal process to redraw state boundaries according to the will of these peoples.
The realist theory of international relations insists that territorial sovereignty is more important than national self-determination.
It promotes the abolition of war among states as well as increased individual liberty within states, and holds the expansion of global markets and cross-border cooperation diminishes the significance of territorial integrity, allowing for somewhat greater recognition of greater self-determination of peoples.
Cosmopolitan liberalism calls for political power to shift to a world government which would make secession and change of boundaries a relatively easy administrative matter.
He also would recognize secession if the state grants, or the constitution includes, a right to secede.
In cases where people lack representation by a state's government, they also may be considered a separate people, but under current law cannot claim the right to self-determination.
On the other hand, she finds that secession within a single state is a domestic matter not covered by international law.
Thus there are no on what groups may constitute a seceding people.
A number of states have laid claim to territories, which they allege were removed from them as a result of colonialism.
This, it is claimed, applies to situations where the territorial integrity of a state had been disrupted by colonisation, so that the people of a territory subject to a historic territorial claim are prevented from exercising a right to self-determination.
More limited measures might include restricting demands to the maintenance of national cultures or granting non-territorial autonomy in the form of national associations which would assume control over cultural matters.
This would be available only to groups that abandoned secessionist demands and the territorial state would retain political and judicial control, but only if would remain with the territorially organized state.
This includes the question of how an unwanted state can be imposed upon a minority.
In two nationalist theories, only national cultural groups have a right to secede.
Unilateral secession against majority rule is justified if the group allows secession of any other group within its territory.
However, there are several existing models of self-determination through greater autonomy and through secession.
In liberal constitutional democracies the principle of majority rule has dictated whether a minority can secede.
Switzerland allows for the secession from current and the creation of new cantons.
Once groups exercise self-determination through secession, the issue of the proposed borders may prove more controversial than the fact of secession.
This encompassed basic local government functions, ranging from land dealings and management of community centres to road maintenance and garbage collection, as well as setting education programmes and standards in their local schools.
However, as the consultation was not a proper referendum, these answers were just suggestions and other answers were also accepted and catalogued as "other answers" instead as null votes.
It advocates the autonomous region to become a fully independent sovereign state.
This led to some parties in the state assembly forming militant wings, which acted as a catalyst for the emergence of armed insurgency in the region.
However, activists say that the voter turnout is highly exaggerated and that elections are held under duress.
There is debate on under which conditions would this right be realized.
Supporters of the commonwealth status had urged voters to blank their ballots.
Morocco also claims the entire territory, and maintains control of about two-thirds of the region.
It is at a point where two railways lines cross on two levels.
It has platforms on both lines, allowing interchange between them.
The high level line passes over the low level line at a right angle on a bridge.
It was built as an interchange station between two lines, and the platforms on both lines opened at the same time.
At the time, the sport was viewed as a royal one.
The sport was encouraged because it didn't require women to give up their womanhood in order to compete.
Archery was one of the sports women indicated interest in.
Watson was determined to wait there until receiving further orders.
Only seven marines were killed and five of them were privates.
Today when women gather bush tucker, they usually use a billy can, bucket or flour tin.
A piece of the outer bark of the tree is removed, then moulded over the fire to give it its distinctive curved sides.
It needed to stand for a number of days, with a stick of wood holding it open to prevent it losing its shape.
They were also used in ceremonies, such as for aromatic smoking, which was believed to have purifying effects.
They were rubbed regularly with fat, such as emu fat to keep the wood in good condition.
The operator was injured and taken to a hospital for observation.
Under normal conditions when light hits a photoreceptor, the cell bleaches and becomes useless until it has recovered through a metabolic process called the visual cycle.
Absorption of blue light, however, has been shown in rats and a susceptible strain of mice to cause a reversal of the process where cells become unbleached and responsive again to light before they are ready.
For blue-light circadian therapy, harm is minimized by employing blue light at the near-green end of the blue spectrum.
After a series of encounters, including the trio's foiling of a robbery in a striptease bar, the three develop a mutual respect.
Axel invites them to join him for a farewell drink, and they accept.
Stallone gave the script a dramatic rewrite and made it into a straight action film.
The second film met with mixed reviews but was a box office success, while the third film was unsuccessful both critically and commercially.
His early years as an entrepreneur in the news distribution business provided a foundation for his later accomplishments in the pulp and paper industry.
By the time he was sixteen, he was able to buy out his former employer, hiring over two hundred newsboys to sell papers, magazines and books to railway and steamboat customers.
It grew up around the mills very much in accord with their plans.
The large brick and slate duplex houses with manicured lawns were to be arranged around treed parks.
His interest in developing a community in which people would want to live extended to other aspects of the town as well.
The following week, it dropped twenty-four places to number forty-two.
The two journalists had pitched a tent off to the side of the road to sleep for the night.
There didn't seem to be any sign that they were robbed.
The bodies were found by villagers, who had heard the gunshots, a few minutes later.
In addition, they may not have known enough about the customs in the rural area.
Thomas was also accused of persecuting the local nobility, which inspired a series of revolts against his rule.
The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic.
Many other specials aired in which the dancers would dance to older pop hits as well.
Paramount's syndication unit took over distributorship for the remaining six seasons.
Wynne and most of the other dancers left the program at the end of that season.
The country by the sea destination experienced several key periods of popularity.
Office parks built outside the city resulted in the relocation of accountants, dentists, doctors, lawyers, and other professionals.
Its dilapidated downtown district is undergoing revitalization while most of the nearly empty blocks that overlook the beach and boardwalk are slated for massive reconstruction.
There are plans to rebuild this portion to look much like the original; however, the interior will be dramatically different and may include a public market (as opposed to previously being an arena and skating rink).
Most of the boardwalk had not been badly damaged by the massive hurricane.
There are plans to build a museum somewhere in the city as part of the redevelopment.
Stages are also set up in parks, on the boardwalk, and in other open spaces.
Though it has been closed for now, it is currently being restored.
An above ground passageway has already been built to connect the two buildings.
The building itself was not torn down, but the entire inside was gutted and redone.
Glass paneling was added to the front and all the original outside brickwork was kept.
While located a block and a half from the beach, a great view of the ocean is still offered by the upper floors and rooftop.
Despite never playing games the club has an extensive merchandise line available online, including new and retro replica jerseys.
Thereafter, two council seats will be up for election every two years.
Students currently attending the school would be reallocated to the district's two other elementary schools, with those going into fifth grade assigned to attend middle school.
The film features scenes set on a shabby, dilapidated boardwalk and in a ruined/abandoned casino/arcade building.
Residents of both places objected to the way their cities were depicted.
More than one half of the land around the lake is cultivated for agriculture.
On the south-eastern watershed of the lake, a bamboo plantation was established.
The name was taken from the invective of a hostile passerby during a demonstration.
Concepts such as "becoming lesbian by political choice" were introduced or discussed there.
The administration is known for taking a totalitarian stance towards dress code and blatantly sexist practices in a co-ed environment.
These poems are generally agreed to be the origins of satire.
The land is very rocky and receives a large amount of snow and wind.
This area is completely covered by woods of beeches, firs, turkey oaks and chestnuts.
Notable birds include the golden eagle, the white-backed woodpecker, the goshawk, the common buzzard and the peregrine falcon.
There are also a wide variety of insects, such as the apollo butterfly.
They tend to be quite small, with stone and brick houses and narrow streets.
A large rail yard existed in the southern part of town that actually extended through downtown; at one time eight tracks passed by the passenger station.
This was the first death of an adult person in the place.
The first business relied upon to support the infant town was agriculture, which, with the manufacture of lumber, was the principal industry for twenty years.
There are thirty acres enclosed, and the various lots are in many instances beautifully laid out.
However, there is a small lake with a fountain within the neighborhood.
None of the population and none of the families were below the poverty line.
However, the romance never gets a chance to develop into intimacy.
Jung-won soon finds out he is suffering from an unnamed illness and has to come to terms with his impending death.
He sets out to continue living as usual, going out with his friends and spending time with his family in the small town he has lived for decades.
The director purposely made the scenes of the film very still and slow.
His purpose doing so was to create the sense of a photo, where everything is still.
This was meant to allow the audience to observe every detail, just a like a photo.
Windows were another motif, encompassing the same idea of photography.
This was meant to symbolize that she no longer had a clear place in his life.
Photos are meant to capture precious memories, and we can only remember, unable to change the photo's reality.
She had come back a second time to take her funeral portrait because she wanted to look her best, meaning she acknowledges her death soon and wants to make the most out of it.
This shows that he had finally come to terms with his early death, and was able to die peacefully, with no regrets.
It can be speculated that he did not want it to be love out of pity.
This allowed him to die peacefully, departing from the world with his innocent memories of her.
In the scenes where his childhood lover came back, she requested him to take down her portrait.
He owns a photography shop, which is where most of the film takes place.
He didn't show his emotions about his inevitable death because he didn't want to burden others with the fact that he was going to die.
After this scene he begins to display more emotion about his imminent death, for example when he was at the police station he started to yell and cry causing a commotion, which was uncharacteristic of him to do.
Jung-won is unable to contain his emotions making the audience see his vulnerable state.
Melodrama begins and wants to end with a sense of innocence.
It prefers a calcareous substrate, but also grows in neutral soils.
The classes of the stars and brown dwarfs are shown in the color of their spectral types (these colors are derived from conventional names for the spectral types and do not represent the star's observed color).
Some of the parallax and distance results are preliminary measurements.
Such lords gained power by usurpation, warfare or marriage; any means that would safeguard their position.
However, rather than attacking, both armies waited, for months, for the other to make a move.
Finally, battle was avoided as both leaders retired to deal with domestic affairs in their home provinces.
This template protein provides prior structural information about the target protein and leads to faster resonance assignment .
He was later released, and held several government positions before his retirement, and was also made a baron (danshaku) in the kazoku peerage.
According to the authors, a "fast second company" lets other companies innovate and experiment to create new markets.
Then the fast second enters the market just as the dominant design is about to emerge, helps create the dominant design, and uses its size to capture the market.
A music video director is the head of music video production.
The director conceives of videos' artistic and dramatic aspects while instructing the musical act, technical crew, actors, models, and dancers.
They may or may not be in collaboration with the musical act.
They were replaced by a labor union who used the building for their local headquarters.
The lower level had large rectangular windows with sills and lintels of roughly-worked sandstone that contrasted with the smooth brick.
The letter states that unless he immediately writes and sends the same letter to someone else, he will be faced with bad luck.
He had the responsibility of acting as "gatekeeper" and decided who got to meet with him.
Additionally, he served as dean of the theological faculty for six years.
The organization would also prove to be an important factor in preventing the abuse of penicillin.
Each organizational unit implements the agency's response in a particular area of expertise.
Known as the "yellow book", it includes current travel health guidelines, recommendations for vaccination, and information on specific travel destinations.
Notably, the disease was left untreated in the research subjects and they never gave their informed consent to serve as research subjects.
While the article did not claim that such a scenario was possible, it did use the popular culture appeal as a means of urging citizens to prepare for all potential hazards, such as earthquakes, tornadoes, and floods.
The team realized that a campaign like this would most likely reach a different audience from the one that normally pays attention to hurricane-preparedness warnings and went to work on the zombie campaign, launching it right before hurricane season began.
They also released a zombie-themed graphic novella available on their website.
Zombie-themed educational materials for teachers are available on the site.
Advocates for gun control oppose the amendment and have tried to overturn it.
It is a charter school whose focus is a learning approach in which all students must demonstrate proficiency in a selection of standards.
The curriculum holistically supports a more modern approach to learning, incorporating standards in career development and technology, as well as social, public service, and personal learning.
Social-emotional learning is imbedded into curriculum in a variety of ways.
All students are part of an advisory team where academic coaching, goal setting, team building, and parent connections are focused.
The process is designed to allow flexibility in the learning environment to support anytime, anywhere learning opportunities for students and teaches them critical communication skills as they work with teachers who support their work.
The model is designed to engage all stakeholders in an environment of respect.
These students do not count towards the overall yearly graduation rate and account for misrepresentative data.
He has been a member of many globally recognized international research teams on contemporary issues.
Along with other party members, he characterized that decision as an "unholy alliance" and declared their resignation which subsequently led to the creation of a new leftist group.
He supports the view that even a relatively small state, in terms of economic power, can take advantage of the changes that occur in a global context and increase its capacities to allow it to exercise an autonomous foreign policy according to the national interest.
The new minister argued that "certain of our partners attempted to present us with a fait accomplis before the new government had even been sworn".
Cambridge steered closer to the shore and retook the lead.
He takes it and forbids her from mentioning its whereabouts.
Emilia states she would commit adultery if it gained her husband the world and also asserts that husbands are to blame, arguing for equality and mutual respect in marriage.
There is now a street leading to the airport industrial section named after the aviator.
The current main airport terminal now stands on the site of the crossroads at the centre of the village.
The new terminal building now handles all airline passenger traffic.
A soothing water feature representing the meeting of the region's three rivers runs throughout the terminal.
The current plan calls for a station to be built inside the terminal as part of a future terminal expansion, with the airport volunteering funds for the building of the station.
Airport limos and shuttle buses are also available, and there are several rental car agencies located at the airport.
The result was catastrophic, causing windows and parts of the walls of the new terminal to shatter.
He was performing with the aircraft fully fueled and luggage on board for the trip home after the airshow and was unable to recover from a manoeuver.
The aircraft was written off, but the crew escaped without injury.
A slippery runway and the lack of use of the speed brakes on the aircraft contributed to the accident.
It was taken out of service and was later repaired.
The instruments are shown separately for winds and strings, while the continuo, playing throughout, is not shown.
Ensembles playing period instruments in historically informed performance are highlighted by green background.
At the age of nine he started his first business selling firewood gathered in the forest at dawn before school, to support his father and siblings.
He founded a band at the age of fifteen and would perform at various ceremonies in exchange for food.
The children of the world shall know the great work of this extraordinary leader and his fervent mission to right wrong, to do justice, and to serve mankind.
Through him and others like him, never again will freedom rest in the domain of the few.
Abiola had managed to work his way out of poverty through hard work.
He also made available daily necessities such as rice and soap at affordable prices in the market.
He had recently returned from a trip to win the support of the international community for his mandate.
The final autopsy report, which was produced by a group of international coroners has never been publicly released.
It was necessary that he should allow the tribunal to complete its work.
A vergence is the simultaneous movement of both eyes in opposite directions to obtain or maintain single binocular vision.
When a creature with binocular vision looks at an object, the eyes must rotate around a horizontal axis so that the projection of the image is in the centre of the retina in both eyes.
To look at an object closer by, the eyes rotate towards each other (convergence), while for an object farther away they rotate away from each other (divergence).
Exaggerated convergence is called cross eyed viewing (focusing on the nose for example) .
When looking into the distance, the eyes diverge until parallel, effectively fixating the same point at infinity (or very far away).
Vergence movements are closely connected to accommodation of the eye.
Under normal conditions, changing the focus of the eyes to look at an object at a different distance will automatically cause vergence and accommodation, sometimes known as the accommodation-convergence reflex.
The extraocular muscles may have two types of fiber each with its own nerve supply, hence a dual mechanism.
Tonic vergence is considered to move the eyes from an anatomical position of rest (which would be the eye's position if it were not innervated) to the physiological position of rest.
Fusional vergence (also: disparity vergence, disparity-driven vergence, or reflex vergence): vergence induced by a stimulus to binocular fusion.
Proximal vergence: vergence due to the awareness of a fixation object being near or far in the absence of disparity and of cues for accommodation.
This includes also vergence that is due to a subject's intent to fixate an object in the dark.
Proximal vergence is sometimes also called voluntary vergence, which however more generally means vergence under voluntary control and is sometimes considered a fifth type of vergence.
Voluntary vergence is also required for viewing autostereograms as well as for voluntary crossing of the eyes.
Voluntary convergence is normally accompanied by accommodation and miosis (constriction of the pupil); often however, with extended practice, individuals can learn to dissociate accommodation and vergence.
Vergence is also denoted according to its direction: horizontal vergence, vertical vergence, and torsional vergence (cyclovergence).
Horizontal vergence is further distinguished into convergence (also: positive vergence) or divergence (also: negative vergence).
Vergence eye movements result from the activity of six extraocular muscles.
These are innerved from three cranial nerves: the abducens nerve, the trochlear nerve and the oculomotor nerve.
This is the only eye movement that is not conjugate, but instead adducts the eye.
Convergence is one of three processes an eye does to properly focus an image on the retina.
In each eye, the visual axis will point towards the object of interest in order to focus it on the fovea.
It is a type of vergence eye movement and is done by extrinsic muscles.
Diplopia, commonly referred to as double vision, can result if one of the eye's extrinsic muscles are weaker than the other.
This results because the object being seen gets projected to different parts of the eye's retina, causing the brain to see two images.
Convergence insufficiency is a common problem with the eyes, and is the main culprit behind eyestrain, blurred vision, and headaches.
In addition, recent studies also proved that tungsten spectral energy influences the convergence which can also show an impact on reading and near visual tasks because of its brightness and miosis.
In this case both conditions are amenable to treatment by non-neuroleptic methods.
Vergence control, and over-convergence associated with the extra accommodation required to overcome a hyperopic refractive error, play a role in the onset of accommodative esotropia.
The classical explanation for the onset of accommodative esotropia is a compensation of far-sightedness by means of excessive accommodative convergence.
It is an active area of research to understand the reasons why many infants with hyperopia develop accommodative esotropia whereas others do not, and which is the exact influence of the vergence system in this context.
However, this law is not known to have been enforced.
I do not support discrimination in any form against any individual, regardless of their gender identity or sexual orientation.
Rhinomanometry is a form of manometry used in evaluation of the nasal cavity.
Rhinomanometry is a standard diagnostic tool aiming to objectively evaluate the respiratory function of the nose.
It measures pressure and flow during normal inspiration and expiration through the nose.
Increased pressure during respiration is a result of increased resistance to airflow through nasal passages (nasal blockage), while increased flow, which means the speed of airstream, is related to better patency.
Rhinomanometry may be used to measure only one nostril at a time (anterior rhinomanometry) or both nostrils simultaneously (posterior rhinomanometry).
In anterior rhinomanometry, the patient is asked to blow his nose, sit in an upright position, and the pressure sensing tube is placed in one nostril while the contralateral nostril is left opened.
The patient places a mask which is connected to the device tightly onto his face.
Unilateral measurements are performed to detect any asymmetry or abnormality in nasal airway resistance.
When the measurements are performed before and after the application of a nasal decongestant spray, the differences in resistance can be attributed to nasal mucosal congestion.
If there is no significant improvement after decongestant, anatomical abnormality, like deformity of cartilage or bone within nasal cavity is suspected.
However, such measurements allow only to detect in which side of the nose there is obstruction, not the location within the nasal cavity, which can be detected by acoustic rhinometry or endoscopy.
Anterior rhinomanometry is more commonly used and it is often recommended for its easy technique.
However, it should be stressed that controlled ambient temperature and humidity, tight seal of the facial mask, contralateral nostril closure and prevention of mouth breathing are essential for reproducible results.
Patients' complaints of nasal obstruction are not always confirmed by these objective measurements.
Posterior rhinomanometry should be done by more experienced technicians and very good collaboration of the patient is essential.
Rhinomanometry can be used to test nasal patency in basal conditions in order to differentiate between anatomical and mucosal abnormalities by performing a test with a decongestant.
It can also be used to check impact of other treatments, like nasal steroid sprays, on objective nasal blockage.
It is also used in challenge tests with allergen when nasal patency is measured before and after application of allergen onto the nasal mucosa.
Increased resistance on rhinomanometry after allergen application is an objective mean in proving allergy to airborne allergens when other allergy tests fail.
They had a large number of children (eighteen according to his son's memoirs, while only seven apparently survived into adulthood).
Lobachevsky would instead develop a geometry in which the fifth postulate was not true.
He developed the angle of parallelism which depends on the distance the point is off the given line.
New foundations of geometry with a complete theory of parallels.
It is composed of n-simplex facets, along with all truncated n-simplices.
Each hyperplane contains the same honeycomb of one dimension lower.
The demon possesses the prostitutes and makes them commit violent murders.
The two get into a car and start making out.
He explains he thinks she's in trouble but does not know why.
The three return to the hotel but the room is now immaculate.
They are surrounded by animal bones, talismans, and small effigies, along with empty pint bottles, crack vials, and porn magazines.
Miggie is the leading member and offers an unholy communion to the hooded members of a pill and a swig from a bottle of bourbon.
Cordelia is unimpressed and points out her acting skills may come in handy.
He gives her a necklace and instructs her to go and get ready for her next client.
Angel is surrounded by six pimps, menacingly wielding baseball bats.
He fights off the men, then notices a symbol on the wall by the shrine, a cracked circle within an oval.
Rumor has it you've been living in the jungle so long, you've gone native.
Kate assumes this must be a powerful drug that has been given to her.
Kate tries to raid the pimp cultists, but her gun is knocked out of her hands and she is captured.
Angel kicks in the shrine and enters a hidden back room behind it.
Angel produces a battle axe and cleaves the demon into a messy corpse.
Obviously we were still trying to figure out what the show was at that point.
This was the first episode after the pilot, and it was written before the new staff arrived.
They just went incredibly dark with this thing and decided at the end of the day that it was a little bit too hopeless, a little too grim.
We were still creating what the idea of the show was going to be, and basically we decided to rethink that first episode.
It was really that first episode where we went back, rethought it, and we were lucky we had the luxury to do that.
Cordelia proves her bad acting skills investigating under cover, trying to use her disguise to inquire what is happening on the street.
Then maybe to protect your cover, you indulged once, twice.
Angel is also talking about his own desire/addiction for human blood.
The series would later spend years delving into the need for balance between good and evil rather than the overwhelming control of one over the other.
Many of the main characters would behave in more ambiguous gray areas rather than simply fight for the cause of good.
The station has reactors housed in a reactor building with double shell containment improving protection also in the case of a loss-of-coolant accident.
He has been active in the youth program for three years before being named coach.
Podein was noted for his dedication to charity work and youth hockey programs.
The site included storage rooms where tools needed for work on the site could be kept.
The product of this gene undergoes proteolytic processing, which is found to yield two functional proteins.
Two alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding distinct isoforms have been reported.
This amendment instituted the board and gave it the power to conduct written as well as physical fitness examinations and create the merit list according to the merits of the applicants and the rules of reservation.
Rukh's artistic work ranged from political collages and posters, to meditative, austere drawings.
Precipitation is moderate, and is significantly higher in summer than at other times of the year.
She began her musical studies with her mother, and at age five her father took over her musical lessons.
Her father was a proficient musician who was skilled with the violin, harp, piano and organ.
He kept her on a strong practice regimen, with as much as four hours a day of lessons on the harp and piano.
This afforded her a better education than she might otherwise receive, and additional musical instruction.
There she became a popular singer, an organist and teacher of singing and saved enough money to continue her studies.
They had painted it red, and the dear little bird rose and flew all over the theatre.
He was impressed by her talent and signed her to a five-year contract.
Critics and audience members alike were impressed with her strong performance in the role, and her admirers presented her with flowers and jewellery.
As the season progressed some critics remarked on the wear and tear that was becoming evident in her voice, but praised her artistry and experience.
Albani was not vocally perfect, yet it had so many excellences that her hearers must have been inclined to forgive the departures from the pitch which seem to have become an inseparable accompaniment of her singing of late.
She did much to atone for them by the intelligence of her work and by the dramatic earnestness with which she imbued all her singing.
There had been no announcement, and few people would have realized it was the last time they were to hear her in opera.
The book was effectively a memoir, recounting stories of her youth, travels and career, and impressions of fellow performers and the royalty she met over her life, as well as providing some useful advice on singing.
It disappeared when road construction merged it with another street.
When selecting the package to deploy, software that has been included in the pool may also be selected for installation.
It is equipped with state-of-the-art computer technology and is considered one of the finest small college libraries in the state.
The film depicts conflict between the generations in a village.
The elders want their children to follow the old ways, but the children pursue a newer way of life and end up supporting their parents.
The remixes transformed the song into a deep house club track.
Events include dinner provided by local restaurants, charity casino, silent auction, and raffle.
Some believe is there like because of a dam build across the panai-yaar, this name came.
Once upon a time, there was a river called paniyaar flew in this area.
Panaiyaar is got the name since plenty of panai trees there on the banks of this river.
The engine has either single or double overhead camshaft architecture and pent-roof, cross flow cylinder firing chambers.
He was also investigated for fraud and his marriage failed.
He watched the proceedings for a time, and then departed for a nearby washroom.
He was carrying it in his right hand, and it blew off his arm and tore open his torso, killing him instantly, but harming no one else.
The washroom was heavily damaged, but the thick wooden door contained the blast in that room.
After his death, police found a number of writings and letters earlier sent to newspapers were uncovered.
He stated that because of government actions, no one could afford to live and that politicians were rich and greedy.
He wrote that his plan was to "exterminate as many members as possible," and that he was prepared to die in the process.
When police raided his apartment, they found several other sticks of dynamite.
Note that this requires the camera to be held horizontally; taking vertically oriented pictures requires some care by the user.
When used in automatic mode, it's possible to lock the current aperture value, then recompose the picture, if desired.
This was very useful in conserving battery power, and allowed one to use the camera even with dead batteries.
In the axis of the main switch, a multiple exposure button is located.
Pressing this while cocking the shutter prevents advancing the film.
The frame counter is also blocked, thus preserving the correct frame count.
At the time, most cameras did not support longer exposure times than about one second, without having to use the bulb setting.
Early models feature a microprism circle, the later a split image screen with a microprism ring around it.
Typical of the era, all viewfinder information is provided by mechanical arrangements, which are projected into the viewfinder by optics inside the camera housing.
The range of selectable shutter speeds are always visible at the bottom of the viewfinder, with a fork outlining the currently selected speed.
The largest opening the used lens is capable of is always properly shown, by shifting the whole scale up or down.
The exposure scale also has a stopped down metering mark, where the needle should be aligned when using stopped down metering.
The mirror can also be locked up for long exposures, to minimise camera shake.
But the drivers continued due to a bad coordination between marshals, with red flags that did not appear.
Milner slowed to a point he was a moving danger.
As the red flags finally come out the situation worsened, with people and rescuers crossing the track on the site of the shunt with the riders still going at good speed to pit.
The locomotives were used on many narrow gauge railways to move cargo as well as passenger trains.
These include changes in the speed that can depend on frequency, polarization, and direction of propagation.
It can also introduce birefringence, an effect seen in crystals such as calcite.
Light propagates as the combination of two orthogonal polarizations that propagate at slightly different phase velocities.
A gradual change in the relative phase results as one of the polarizations outpaces the other.
Assuming photons of all energies are produced within a narrow window of time, dispersion would cause higher-energy photons to run ahead or behind lower-energy photons, leading to otherwise unexplained energy dependence in the arrival time.
Polarization studies typically achieved sensitivities well beyond those achievable through dispersion.
These types of violations cannot be tested using astrophysical tests, but can be sought in laboratory-based experiments involving electromagnetic fields.
Experimenters search for these tiny shifts by comparing two or more cavities at different orientations.
So, two cavities with different orientations may give different frequencies even if they are otherwise identical.
A typical experiment compares the frequencies of two identical cavities oriented at right angles in the laboratory.
Ring resonators provide a complementary class of cavity experiment that can test parity-odd violations.
In a ring resonator, two modes propagating in opposites directions in the same ring are compared, rather than modes in two different cavities.
These include accelerator based experiments, atomic clocks, and threshold analyses.
Much of what is known including troop positions and movements has been gleaned from archaeological work at the site of the battle.
It is believed that the defenders of the hill fort were almost entirely wiped out.
The school also offers a specialty cosmetology program with a full service salon on campus.
Students have the opportunity to participate in a full range of sporting and cultural activities.
The school also offers a wide range of academic and arts programs that prepare students for university, college, and the world of work.
Each world and setting carries a distinct atmosphere that presents either the real world, the imaginary world, or a mix of both of the main protagonist.
This indistinction underlines much of the horror portrayed in the game.
The game is separated into different levels or "chapters" with each having a different style and atmosphere.
The player must find clues, solve puzzles and interact with other characters to reach a final challenge where the player must reach the end of a path while avoiding obstacles.
When the player reaches the end of the path, a cinematic is played and the game proceeds to the next chapter.
The two parts of the neighborhood are considered prestigious and combine large areas of public parks and woods.
Combining elements of post rock with minimalist tones and sonically aligning with the change and introversion of fall.
The carpal bones are the eight small bones that make up the wrist (or carpus) that connects the hand to the forearm.
In human anatomy, the main role of the wrist is to facilitate effective positioning of the hand and powerful use of the extensors and flexors of the forearm, and the mobility of individual carpal bones increase the freedom of movements at the wrist.
In tetrapods, the carpus is the sole cluster of bones in the wrist between the radius and ulna and the metacarpus.
The bones of the carpus do not belong to individual fingers (or toes in quadrupeds), whereas those of the metacarpus do.
The carpal bones allow the wrist to move and rotate vertically.
The pair of rows together form an arch which is convex proximally and concave distally.
On the palmar side, the carpus is concave, forming the carpal tunnel which is covered by the flexor retinaculum.
Because the proximal row is simultaneously related to the articular surfaces of the radius and the distal row, it adapts constantly to these mobile surfaces.
The bones of this row - scaphoid, lunate, and triquetrum - have their individual movements.
The scaphoid contributes to the stability of the midcarpus as it articulates distally with the trapezium and the trapezoid.
The distal row is more rigid as its transverse arch moves with the metacarpals.
In this context the pisiform is regarded as a sesamoid bone embedded in the tendon of the flexor carpi ulnaris.
The ulnar column leaves a gap between the ulna and the triquetrum, and therefore, only the radial or scaphoid and central or capitate columns articulate with the radius.
The wrist is more stable in flexion than in extension more because of the strength of various capsules and ligaments than the interlocking parts of the skeleton.
Of these the palmar or anterior and the dorsal or posterior surfaces are rough, for ligamentous attachment; the dorsal surfaces being the broader, except in the lunate.
The superior or proximal, and inferior or distal surfaces are articular, the superior generally convex, the inferior concave; the medial and lateral surfaces are also articular where they are in contact with contiguous bones, otherwise they are rough and tuberculated.
The structure in all is similar: cancellous tissue enclosed in a layer of compact bone.
Sometimes the scaphoid, triquetrum, and pisiform bones are divided into two.
The formation of these centers roughly follows a chronological spiral pattern starting in the capitate and hamate during the first year of life.
The ulnar bones are then ossified before the radial bones, while the sesamoid pisiform arises in the tendon of the flexor carpi ulnaris after more than ten years.
The commencement of ossification for each bone occurs over period like other bones.
The ligaments of the intercarpal articulations which unite the carpal bones with one another: the radiate carpal ligament; the dorsal, palmar, and interosseous intercarpal ligaments; and the pisohamate ligament.
The ligaments of the carpometacarpal articulations which unite the carpal bones with the metacarpal bones: the pisometacarpal ligament and the palmar and dorsal carpometacarpal ligaments.
The ligaments of the intermetacarpal articulations which unite the metacarpal bones: the dorsal, interosseous, and palmar metacarpal ligaments.
Because the trapezoid is rigidly attached to the second metacarpal bone to which also the flexor carpi radialis and extensor carpi radialis are attached, radial abduction effectively pulls this combined structure towards the radius.
During radial abduction the pisiform traverses the greatest path of all carpal bones.
Radial abduction is produced by (in order of importance) extensor carpi radialis longus, abductor pollicis longus, extensor pollicis longus, flexor carpi radialis, and flexor pollicis longus.
Ulnar adduction causes a tilting or dorsal shifting of the proximal row of carpal bones.
It is produced by extensor carpi ulnaris, flexor carpi ulnaris, extensor digitorum, and extensor digiti minimi.
Both radial abduction and ulnar adduction occurs around a dorsopalmar axis running through the head of the capitate bone.
Dorsiflexion is produced by (in order of importance) extensor digitorum, extensor carpi radialis longus, extensor carpi radialis brevis, extensor indicis, extensor pollicis longus, and extensor digiti minimi.
Palmar flexion is produced by (in order of importance) flexor digitorum superficialis, flexor digitorum profundus, flexor carpi ulnaris, flexor pollicis longus, flexor carpi radialis, and abductor pollicis longus.
The proximal carpals are referred to as the radiale, intermediale, and ulnare, after their proximal articulations, and are homologous with the scaphoid, lunate, and triquetal bones respectively.
The remaining bones are simply numbered, as the first to fourth centralia (singular: centrale), and the first to fifth distal carpals.
Primitively, each of the distal bones appears to have articulated with a single metacarpal.
However, the vast majority of later vertebrates, including modern amphibians, have undergone varying degrees of loss and fusion of these primitive bones, resulting in a smaller number of carpals.
Almost all mammals and reptiles, for example, have lost the fifth distal carpal, and have only a single centrale - and even this is missing in humans.
The pisiform bone is somewhat unusual, in that it first appears in primitive reptiles, and is never found in amphibians.
Because many tetrapods have less than five digits on the forelimb, even greater degrees of fusion are common, and a huge array of different possible combinations are found.
The wing of a modern bird, for example, has only two remaining carpals; the radiale (the scaphoid of mammals) and a bone formed from the fusion of four of the distal carpals.
In some macropods, the scaphoid and lunar bones are fused into the scapholunar bone.
In crustaceans, "carpus" is the scientific term for the claws or "pincers" present on some legs.
The root "carp-" translates to "pluck", an action performed by the wrist.
Understanding joints: a practical guide to their structure and function.
It is most certainly my best work and we are almost finished.
Check in daily for updates on the progress of the record and songs from the record that you will hear here first.
Anyone open to its aesthetic will enjoy more than half its tracks".
The report included comments and support from representatives of the food and health industries, charity sector and media.
Some of them are available year-round, and others are seasonal.
There are also several dozen more beers that were brewed at different times in the past.
Because of this, the producers appealed to moviegoers and theatre owners to support the independent film the same way that they support the mainstream films of the festival.
After a few days, many theatre owners started including the film in their cinema line-up to give way to the public's request.
The law can also be interpreted as meaning that computers present economies of scale: the more costly is the computer, the price-performance ratio linearly becomes better.
This implies that low-cost computers cannot compete in the market.
It provided the rationale that a bigger computer is always better.
He originally intended the law to be a "means for pricing computing services.".
It also did not claim to be a force fighting for a certain ethnic group or region.
Most were used for attacks on villages and on guard duty at diamond fields as well as guarding weapons stockpiles.
Thousands of abducted boys and girls were forced to serve as soldiers or as prostitutes, and those chosen to be fighters were sometimes forced to murder their parents.
For entertainment, some soldiers would bet on the sex of an unborn baby and then slice open a woman's womb to determine the winner.
The children were notoriously known by captains and civilians for their unquestionable obedience and enormous cruelty.
The government set up a refugee camp where they gathered amputees; the camp was situated next to the international hotels.
They also helped fund the camps and gave them food and water.
Sankoh was allowed to return under the conditions of the agreement.
During excavation, an egg-shaped mecha was found inside the ruins containing a sleeping man.
No matter how hard scientists tried, he would not wake up.
He was taken to a laboratory along with the machine to be further studied.
They also could not find any form of power source.
They spread all across the land, destroying anything in their way.
He had not aged a day since his discovery and had no memory of his past or his own name.
Selen, who was with him as he woke, set him free without notifying the other scientists in the lab.
The player has the option of renaming him if desired.
There are racing areas where the main character rolls into a ball (or egg shape) and race along rails to be the first to finish against the computer players.
There was a very large ballroom, a bar, coffee room and drawing room.
However the bombardment is reported to have only caused minimal damage.
Lost frames can be masked by using the parameters of the previous frame to fill in the gap.
Brian explained that the lyrics were written while driving to a parents' meeting at his daughters' school.
During this period he wrote a series of engineering books covering internal combustion, road transport and air navigation.
The same year they introduced a gyroscopic turn indicator, and followed this with an optical speedometer, rate of roll indicator, indicated airspeed calculator and his famed bombsights.
Here he was put on the problem of devising a useful bombsight that did not require manual calculations or a stopwatch to estimate the wind speed.
The result was a memo stating that "we were likely to lose the war if it starts within the next ten years".
It was also added that he was one of the kindest and most unselfish people, whom no one will forget.
The store occupied the first floor with living quarters above.
The addition has a hipped roof and features a two-story gallery porch.
An oil spill is the release of a liquid petroleum hydrocarbon into the environment, especially the marine ecosystem, due to human activity, and is a form of pollution.
The term is usually given to marine oil spills, where oil is released into the ocean or coastal waters, but spills may also occur on land.
Oil spills may be due to releases of crude oil from tankers, offshore platforms, drilling rigs and wells, as well as spills of refined petroleum products (such as gasoline, diesel) and their by-products, heavier fuels used by large ships such as bunker fuel, or the spill of any oily refuse or waste oil.
Oil spills penetrate into the structure of the plumage of birds and the fur of mammals, reducing its insulating ability, and making them more vulnerable to temperature fluctuations and much less buoyant in the water.
Cleanup and recovery from an oil spill is difficult and depends upon many factors, including the type of oil spilled, the temperature of the water (affecting evaporation and biodegradation), and the types of shorelines and beaches involved.
Spills may take weeks, months or even years to clean up.
Oil spills can have disastrous consequences for society; economically, environmentally, and socially.
As a result, oil spill accidents have initiated intense media attention and political uproar, bringing many together in a political struggle concerning government response to oil spills and what actions can best prevent them from happening.
Oil spills at sea are generally much more damaging than those on land, since they can spread for hundreds of nautical miles in a thin oil slick which can cover beaches with a thin coating of oil.
These can kill seabirds, mammals, shellfish and other organisms they coat.
Oil spills on land are more readily containable if a makeshift earth dam can be rapidly bulldozed around the spill site before most of the oil escapes, and land animals can avoid the oil more easily.
Contamination can have an economic impact on tourism and marine resource extraction industries.
There is no clear relationship between the amount of oil in the aquatic environment and the likely impact on biodiversity.
A smaller spill at the wrong time/wrong season and in a sensitive environment may prove much more harmful than a larger spill at another time of the year in another or even the same environment.
Oil penetrates into the structure of the plumage of birds and the fur of mammals, reducing its insulating ability, and making them more vulnerable to temperature fluctuations and much less buoyant in the water.
Animals who rely on scent to find their babies or mothers cannot due to the strong scent of the oil.
This causes a baby to be rejected and abandoned, leaving the babies to starve and eventually die.
Oil can impair a bird's ability to fly, preventing it from foraging or escaping from predators.
As they preen, birds may ingest the oil coating their feathers, irritating the digestive tract, altering liver function, and causing kidney damage.
Together with their diminished foraging capacity, this can rapidly result in dehydration and metabolic imbalance.
Some birds exposed to petroleum also experience changes in their hormonal balance, including changes in their luteinizing protein.
The majority of birds affected by oil spills die from complications without human intervention.
Heavily furred marine mammals exposed to oil spills are affected in similar ways.
Oil coats the fur of sea otters and seals, reducing its insulating effect, and leading to fluctuations in body temperature and hypothermia.
The ingestion of oil causes dehydration and impairs the digestive process.
Animals can be poisoned, and may die from oil entering the lungs or liver.
These bacteria occur naturally and will act to remove oil from an ecosystem, and their biomass will tend to replace other populations in the food chain.
The chemicals from the oil which dissolve in water, and hence are available to bacteria, are those in the water associated fraction of the oil.
The chemicals in crude oil are mostly hydrocarbons that contains toxic chemicals such as benzenes, toluene, poly-aromatic hydrocarbon and oxygenated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
These chemicals can introduce adverse health effects when being inhaled into human body.
In addition, these chemicals can be oxidized by oxidants in the atmosphere to form fine particulate matter after they evaporate into the atmosphere.
These particulates can penetrate lungs and carry toxic chemicals into the human body.
Burning surface oil can also be a source for pollution such as soot particles.
During the cleanup and recovery process, it will also generate air pollutants such as nitric oxides and ozone from ships.
Lastly, bubble bursting can also be a generation pathway for particulate matter during an oil spill.
Air quality monitoring data showed that criteria pollutants had exceeded the health-based standard in the coastal regions.
Considering the volume of oil carried by sea, however, tanker owners' organisations often argue that the industry's safety record is excellent, with only a tiny fraction of a percentage of oil cargoes carried ever being spilled.
Oil tankers are just one of the many sources of oil spills.
According to this study, most spills result from routine operations such as loading cargo, discharging cargo, and taking on fuel oil.
Undetectable levels of hydrocarbons can be obtained in produced water and manageable water columns.
By overspraying sheen with bioremediation accelerator, sheen is eliminated within minutes.
Whether applied on land or on water, the nutrient-rich emulsion creates a bloom of local, indigenous, pre-existing, hydrocarbon-consuming bacteria.
Controlled burning can effectively reduce the amount of oil in water, if done properly.
But it can only be done in low wind, and can cause air pollution.
A dispersant is either a non-surface active polymer or a surface-active substance added to a suspension, usually a colloid, to improve the separation of particles and to prevent settling or clumping.
They may rapidly disperse large amounts of certain oil types from the sea surface by transferring it into the water column.
They will cause the oil slick to break up and form water-soluble micelles that are rapidly diluted.
The oil is then effectively spread throughout a larger volume of water than the surface from where the oil was dispersed.
They can also delay the formation of persistent oil-in-water emulsions.
Dispersed oil droplets infiltrate into deeper water and can lethally contaminate coral.
Watch and wait: in some cases, natural attenuation of oil may be most appropriate, due to the invasive nature of facilitated methods of remediation, particularly in ecologically sensitive areas such as wetlands.
Dredging: for oils dispersed with detergents and other oils denser than water.
They clean up oil spills by changing the physical state of spilled oil from liquid to a solid, semi-solid or a rubber-like material that floats on water.
Solidifiers are insoluble in water, therefore the removal of the solidified oil is easy and the oil will not leach out.
The reaction time for solidification of oil is controlled by the surface area or size of the polymer or dry pellets as well as the viscosity and thickness of the oil layer.
Some solidifier product manufactures claim the solidified oil can be thawed and used if frozen with dry ice or disposed of in landfills, recycled as an additive in asphalt or rubber products, or burned as a low ash fuel.
Vacuum and centrifuge: oil can be sucked up along with the water, and then a centrifuge can be used to separate the oil from the water - allowing a tanker to be filled with near pure oil.
Usually, the water is returned to the sea, making the process more efficient, but allowing small amounts of oil to go back as well.
Double-hulling - build double hulls into vessels, which reduces the risk and severity of a spill in case of a collision or grounding.
Existing single-hull vessels can also be rebuilt to have a double hull.
By planning spill response ahead of time, the impact on the environment can be minimized or prevented.
Environmental sensitivity index maps are basically made up of information within the following three categories: shoreline type, and biological and human-use resources.
The floating oil slicks put the shoreline at particular risk when they eventually come ashore, covering the substrate with oil.
The differing substrates between shoreline types vary in their response to oiling, and influence the type of cleanup that will be required to effectively decontaminate the shoreline.
Impermeable and exposed surfaces with high wave action are ranked lower due to the reflecting waves keeping oil from coming onshore, and the speed at which natural processes will remove the oil.
Further classification divides each element into species groups with similar life histories and behaviors relative to their vulnerability to oil spills.
Problems taken into consideration when ranking biological resources include the observance of a large number of individuals in a small area, whether special life stages occur ashore (nesting or molting), and whether there are species present that are threatened, endangered or rare.
Some examples include airports, diving sites, popular beach sites, marinas, natural reserves or marine sanctuaries.
If the surface area of the spill is also known, the total volume of the oil can be calculated.
Oil spill model systems are used by industry and government to assist in planning and emergency decision making.
Of critical importance for the skill of the oil spill model prediction is the adequate description of the wind and current fields.
Tracking the scope of an oil spill may also involve verifying that hydrocarbons collected during an ongoing spill are derived from the active spill or some other source.
This can involve sophisticated analytical chemistry focused on finger printing an oil source based on the complex mixture of substances present.
Largely, these will be various hydrocarbons, among the most useful being polyaromatic hydrocarbons.
In addition, both oxygen and nitrogen heterocyclic hydrocarbons, such as parent and alkyl homologues of carbazole, quinoline, and pyridine, are present in many crude oils.
As a result, these compounds have great potential to supplement the existing suite of hydrocarbons targets to fine-tune source tracking of petroleum spills.
Such analysis can also be used to follow weathering and degradation of crude spills.
Soap is the brand name of shoes made for grinding similar to aggressive inline skating.
They have a plastic concavity in the sole, which allows the wearer to grind on objects such as pipes, handrails, and stone ledges.
The company and their product rapidly gained popularity through fansites, a video game, and live demonstrations.
The act of grinding on rails and ledges specifically using soap shoes has been dubbed "soaping", with the "soaper" being the one performing said act.
These crews have since disbanded along with the website forums, and now there are few proponents left.
There is usually a double page pictorial spread towards the centre of the magazine.
Kismayo was later the site of numerous battles during the civil war.
The city subsequently evolved into a major hub of the livestock trade and fishing.
The signatories each had different accounts of the agreed to partition.
Weather is hot year-round, with seasonal monsoon winds and irregular rainfall with recurring droughts.
The gu season is followed by the xagaa (hagaa) dry season.
During the first year, the institute offered two years diploma in nursing which become at the same time the first higher institute that provide nursing in the region.
Before the war, there were a meat-tinning factory, as well as a tannery, and a modern fish factory.
Following the outbreak of the civil war, the airport was closed down for a period of time and its infrastructure was significantly damaged.
Part of a broader urbanization drive, the initiative includes the clearing of clogged streets and lanes, razing of illegal buildings therein, and further development of the municipal road network.
It is unlike his typical work, in that it shows the subject in profile, reading.
She also stated that the allowance was used to benefit her constituents.
Within its framework various special interest working groups are active: on cultural heritage, religion, rituality, cultural analysis, etc.
He obtained several exact or asymptotic distributions of important statistics in the theory of multivariate analysis.
He used characteristic functions as a tool to obtain distribution of certain random variables, to determine the limiting distribution of series of random variables.
Hsu was a competitor and the competition showed that he was also on the peak.
During this period, with his strong mathematical skill combining with advanced statistical ideas, he wrote a series remarkable papers.
Nevertheless, the ensuing years were a period of great difficulty and hardship for him.
Although many concerned about his health repeatedly suggested he go abroad to recuperate, he politely refused, insisting on teaching and continuing his research work.
But his health continued to worsen, forcing him to work at home, which included giving lectures at his home to graduate students and young teachers using a blackboard hanging on a wall of his room.
He was an expert in operating matrix, manipulating characteristic functions and integral transformation.
The station is also surrounded by a variety of restaurants, theaters, pachinko parlors and an amusement park.
Good neighborliness is a general principle of international law with particular importance for the field of international environmental law.
Students interested in membership on any of these journals participate in a writing competition at the end of first year.
All three student-run journals allow second and third year students to "write on" by submitting a piece of legal scholarship worthy of publication.
City nicknames can help in establishing a civic identity, helping outsiders recognize a community or attracting people to a community because of its nickname; promote civic pride; and build community unity.
Nicknames and slogans that successfully create a new community "ideology or myth" are also believed to have economic value.
Their economic value is difficult to measure, but there are anecdotal reports of cities that have achieved substantial economic benefits by "branding" themselves by adopting new slogans.
The unofficial nicknames listed here have been in use for a long time or have gained wide currency.
At the end of his reign, however, the constant wars had taken its toll, damaging the economy.
Impoverished sipahi forced peasants to overwork, and imposed own taxes on them, despite laws.
Tax collectors, as well, abused their position, taking higher taxes.
Records show the worsening of the population's status, and deteriorating economy (inflation).
At the beginning the group raided merchant caravans, until their numbers grew and they started attacking lone towers and chardaks.
The raja approached only when the group arrived in their areas, while in several places they were forced to join as the rebels threatened to take their properties, and even death (which is contrary to stereotypes of the folk character of uprisal).
In this period, it seems, the bandit forays turned into an uprising.
It was either during the uprising or a year after.
It said the patrol came under fire around nightfall and shot back in self-defense.
A double sarcophagus of white marble, adorned with cast-iron sword.
A brass casket set into a niche above his parents' double sarcophagus.
He was widely noted for his work on moths and ladybirds and as an advocate of the science of evolution.
He was also an enthusiastic educator and the author of several books on insects, evolution and sexual reproduction.
He is best remembered as an ardent supporter and champion of experiments on peppered moth evolution.
He got his first butterfly net at the age of four.
He used much of his scientific works to argue against creationism.
His work on the peppered moth provided new support for the understanding of peppered moth evolution.
His research work was largely focussed around insect species, particularly the peppered moth and ladybirds, but explored these from many different perspectives including melanism, male killers, sexual selection, sexually transmitted diseases, animal colouration, invasive species, and biological pest control.
Kettlewell's works were seen as lacking proper experimental procedure, with some even accusing it variously as a fake, fraudulent, hoax and wrong.
Majerus then designed an elaborate experiment to resolve the issues.
The color vanilla is a rich tint of off-white as well as a medium pale tint of yellow.
The forewings are grey, closely and suffusedly irrorated white, slightly tinged yellowish in places and with a brownish streak along the basal fourth of the costa with some blackish scales.
There is a black dot on the dorsum at one-fourth and a semi-oval blackish spot on the middle of the costa, preceded and followed by slight blackish marks.
There is also a direct transverse blackish fasciate streak from the dorsum beneath this, not reaching it and a small dark grey spot on the costa at two-third, a black longitudinal sometimes interrupted strigula in the disc at three-fourth and some greyish suffusion towards the termen, and two or three slight blackish marks.
Besides a blunt anterior end and a slightly widened posterior end, it is featureless to the naked eye.
At the front end of the body there is a white cap and a dark collar.
At the posterior end there are tiny bristles, sometimes arranged in a row in front of the cloaca.
Some species have a smooth body surface, and some may be slightly bumpy with flattened areoles.
Most of these features are used in species identification, but are not very helpful, and it is difficult to tell species apart, in general.
A thorough taxonomy of the genus will require a scanning electron microscope.
The adult overwinters in soil and debris and the female enters a water body such as a swamp or a stream to lay eggs.
Juveniles require a host in which to complete their development.
Upon emergence from the egg the larva swims about until it is consumed by a host insect.
Once ingested by the insect the worm larva penetrates the gut wall and develops in a cyst in the tissue outside.
It emerges as an adult worm in a few months.
Gordius worms have been recovered from human vomit, feces, and urine.
When worms are expelled from the gastrointestinal tract, their mode of entry was likely ingestion of contaminated food or water, or of an infested insect.
When present in the urine, the worm may have entered the urethra from the anus or while the victim was swimming in contaminated water.
Horsehair worms are not considered pathogenic or parasitic on humans and their presence in the body is incidental.
The actual street-by-street (sometimes step-by-step) route guide is then provided in bullet form.
This diocese was sub-divided several times over the next few centuries.
Somewhere down the line everyone from the director and the hero seem to have lost interest".
There is a dorsal brown streak, near the base, pointing obliquely backwards towards a small costal brown spot, and reaching more than half across the wing.
There is also an oblong, costal, dark brown spot about the apical fourth of the wing, a discal, oblong streak opposite the space between the costal spots, and another small one near the beginning of the ciliae, and another large one in the apical portion touching the costal margin near the apex.
Sometimes, these discal and apical streaks are continuous, forming a streak from the middle of the wing to the apex.
In ancient times, a harbour chain was connected across the entrance to the harbour, which could be raised to prevent the incursion of unwelcome visitors - pirates.
Danny is faced with a choice: either testify against the other members of the group or go to prison with them.
Clearly the creators have established that this is a story-telling device that they will use throughout the series.
In psychology and sociology, social inertia is the resistance to change or the endurance of stable relationships in societies or social groups.
This can explain the continuity of the social order through time.
Sociologists have examined how economic and cultural heritage is transmitted across generations, which can lead to strong social inertia even during times of social progress.
Therefore, social inertia has been used to explain how dominant social classes maintain their status and privilege over time.
In the culture of honor, violence is seen as an acceptable way of responding to insults or threats to a person's self, family, property, or reputation.
According to this hypothesis, herding (which is a solitary activity) should be more closely tied to the culture of honor than farming (which is a cooperative activity).
They concluded that homicide rates did not support the herding vs. farming hypothesis for the culture of honor.
Therefore, religion and poverty have been offered as alternative explanations for the origins of the culture of honor.
It has become a social norm in southern and western culture, and these norms persist even when economies change.
Even if they were able to find employment, they earned less than their peers with non-creative degrees.
Students followed in their parents' footsteps by choosing educational pursuits which were less likely to lead to high-earning careers, thus leading to social inertia in income across generations.
Specifically, social inertia has been defined as a measurement of how likely people are to continue collaborating with previous partners or members of the same team.
Researchers have hypothesized that this "inertia effect" is due to participants' psychological commitment to their initial judgments.
Researchers believe that one reason for this effect is that living together increases the inertia of the relationship - i.e., the likelihood that a couple will continue to stay together vs. break up.
Therefore, a cohabiting couple may stay together even if they are not compatible.
Because living together represents an ambiguous form of commitment compared with marriage, cohabiting may not increase the levels of dedication in either partner.
Partners may "slide" into marriage through cohabitation instead of making a firm decision to commit to each other, leading to problems in the marriage in the future.
However, the research on whether higher divorce rates are due to the cohabitation effect are mixed.
Other studies have found that what has been called the cohabitation effect is entirely attributable to other factors.
Studies of animal behavior have found that groups of animals can form social orders or social hierarchies that are relatively fixed and stable.
For example, chickens establish a social order within the group based on pecking behaviors.
Even when some of the chickens were treated with an androgen to increase their aggressiveness, the established social order suppressed their exhibition of aggressive behaviors so that social order was maintained.
Researchers theorize that this lack of change in social hierarchies even under the influence of aggression hormones is due to the effects of familiarity - animals learn their place in the social hierarchy of a group within the first few encounters with other group members.
This will cause low-ranking animals treated with aggression hormones to behave aggressively towards animals from other groups but not towards dominant members of their own group.
Cultural inertia is defined as the desire to avoid cultural change, and also the desire for change to continue once it is already occurring.
Within the cultural inertia framework, the dominant group is stable and resists cultural change, while subordinate groups desire cultural changes which incorporate their cultural traditions so that they don't have to assimilate into the dominant culture.
Cultural inertia is related to social psychological theories such as the instrumental model of group conflict, acculturative fit, and system justification theory.
It is a contributor to intergroup prejudice due to groups' fear of cultural change.
He would go on to a long career in the theatre.
The songs added nothing to the play and indeed, by breaking down the plot and slowing the pell-mell pace of the action, exposed the improbability of the situations.
His horse bolted, and when he caught up with the animal, it was chewing on a lady's straw hat.
Woodpecker paid the lady a shilling for her damaged hat.
Woodpecker promises to find a replacement from a local milliner.
In the meantime, he insists they hide, as it would be awkward if his bride and father-in-law discover another woman in the house.
Woodpecker needs an excuse to stop at a milliner's shop on the way to the registrar, so he tells them that he's lost the marriage license.
Bella agrees to give him a fine straw hat, provided that he takes her to lunch that afternoon and to the theatre that evening.
He agrees, and she leaves to go fetch the hat.
He says that it is not a flower, but an article of her attire that he wants.
Woodpecker claims that he had left his tuning fork behind and was going home to fetch it.
He has never fought in battle, but remarks that he would perform heroic deeds if he were asked to do so.
Woodpecker has found several hats, but none matching the damaged one.
Jackson, the valet, tells them that they cannot come in, because "the lady without a hat" is still inside.
Maguire is astonished to hear that another lady is in the house.
Maguire tells everyone to grab a present and head for the train station.
Woodpecker frantically opens the hat-box; the hat is identical to the one his horse had eaten.
He arrests the whole wedding party and ushers them into the station-house.
Leonora and the wedding party return from the police station.
She tells her husband that she had been waiting for him all day at her aunt's.
Song construction became freer, with each musician playing multiple tracks on various instruments, to be cut down and refined into finished pieces later.
The two likened their approach to a sculptor's creative process, the pieces gradually taking shape as the work went on.
Additionally, many old cattle trails and roads, though overgrown, are still distinguishable as such due to the heavy use and traffic.
It currently has one school, three churches, a single gas station, feed store, a heating and air company as well as a fire protection business.
Today, many of its occupants enjoy life there, but typically work elsewhere in the county.
The band was formed mainly as a studio project and have released three full-length albums and two stand-alone songs on compilation albums.
The place thus flourished as a red light district and came to its golden period.
Bus and minibus services are also available along the main streets.
At the end of her career, she was the world's oldest practising archaeologist.
Her role there involved learning to classify pottery, and led to a career-long interest.
The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic.
The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning.
Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The district council is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
It stands on the site of a former sham castle which had fallen into ruin, and served as a water tower as well as having a clock on the west side facing the house.
However, he played only five games before suffering a season-ending injury.
When the flowering shoot comes out of the ground it is covered in a purple or white blotched sheath.
These then open up to revel red-purple flowers with orange spots on the falls.
It is known to be toxic like other bulbs in the genus.
It includes competitions in various aspects such as painting, elocution, drama etc.
Competitions are held in categories of painting, elocution, poetry, essay writing, singing, dancing, classical performances, folk performances, crafts, monodrama, letter writing etc.
Over years, the event widened its scope in terms of competition categories and levels.
Currently, competitions are held in thirty-six categories of twenty aspects.
In the future, it will probably evolve into a globular cluster.
A number of suggestions have been put forward, including high supernova kick velocities that disrupt binary systems, the formation of slowly accreting (and therefore undetectable) stellar mass black holes, or binary systems in which both objects are now compact objects, but the problem has yet to be resolved.
The agency also has responsibility for fostering the safe use of the state's waters through a program of law enforcement, education, and access.
Each region is itself divided into a number of law enforcement areas (typically three), headed by a law enforcement supervisor and an assistant supervisor that oversee and coordinate the activities of the officers in their area.
Students are then required to successfully pass a written examination and a live firing exercise.
The course contains instruction on ethics, marksmanship, history of hunting and firearms, wildlife management and identification, laws, knowledge of firearms and ammunition, wilderness survival, emergency first aid, etc.
Also featured are accelerometer, proximity sensor, and ambient light sensor.
Meanwhile, an embedded fingerprint scanner on the home button supports black screen unlock.
If it had still existed, it would have been a gift to the members beneficially, subject to their association contract.
Yet because it had ended, there was no outright gift to the members.
He asked whether the gift would have been valid if the unincorporated association had indeed existed at all at the time.
The rules of the society did not purport to create any trusts.
Any such member was entitled to the rights and subject to the liabilities defined by the rules.
There would be no limit to the type of variation or termination to which all might agree.
In the case of a donation which is not accompanied by any words which purport to impose a trust, it seems to me that the gift takes effect in favour of the existing members of the association as an accretion to the funds which are the subject-matter of the contract which such members have made inter se, and falls to be dealt with in precisely the same way as the funds which the members themselves have subscribed.
In the absence of words which purport to impose a trust, the legacy is a gift to the members beneficially, not as joint tenants or as tenants in common so as to entitle each member to an immediate distributive share, but as an accretion to the funds which are the subject-matter of the contract which the members have made inter se.
This list covers those windmills that had a function other than drainage.
Mills used for drainage and another function appear on both lists.
Text in italics denotes indicates that the information is not confirmed, but is likely to be the case stated.
In general, it is a succulent plant producing mats of basal rosettes from a system of rhizomes.
They are sometimes coated in a waxy, powdery looking exudate.
The inflorescence is a short, erect array of many small flowers with yellow petals.
These early mentions does not mean that there is still a sorted archive but had cataloged several scrolls that could be geographically dispersed, and usually do not take these statements as a precedent for the current archive.
The historical phonology of the language is hampered by the dormancy of the language with the death of the last speakers at the end of the nineteenth century as well as dialect leveling.
Dialects certainly existed given the diversity of peoples that used it and its broad distribution.
The sound /aj/ is technically a diphthong, it is represented by its own letter in the modern orthography and listed as a separate vowel here.
The short vowel /a/ before /h/ was often replaced by u in colonial documents.
A shack is a type of small, often primitive shelter or dwelling.
In areas of high population density and high poverty, shacks are often the most prevalent form of housing; it is possible that up to a billion people worldwide live in shacks.
Settlements composed mostly or entirely of shacks are known as slums or shanty towns.
Structures that were once notorious among oilfield workers for being cramped, uncomfortable and generally unpleasant to be in are now no longer good enough for companies that are serious about employee retention.
Then there was chatter leading up to the trip, and there was chatter when everyone got back.
And then they will blog again when the episode runs.
Like a terrible thing happens to him, but he's like that to other people.
He missed only one game and bailed out his team mates on many occasions during the campaign.
It was in the dance halls that ska dancing originated.
Later the deals with the communion of the soul with the beloved.
Barks gave several interviews during which he answered questions about his stories and the characters he had created.
After several years he gained a fan base of his own.
The project was intended to end decades of contradictions between stories which caused confusion to readers.
The castle usually appears in good condition considering its great age.
For many centuries the castle served as the home of the clan chief.
Even after their departure, the clan still owned the castle and continued to pay the taxes by pooling their incomes.
Scrooge then buys the estate, allowing his family to reoccupy the castle.
Quackly agreed and served the king during the war, but became obsessed with protecting the treasure, eventually trapping himself inside the castle walls with it.
This act of patriotic generosity led to financial ruin for the clan.
He did, however, create secret passageways in the castle leading to the dungeons.
Hugh turned to the sea for a living and became a successful merchant.
Seafoam escaped with nothing but the clothes on his back, a silver pocket watch, and the golden dentures in his mouth.
His dime novels became very popular and to have more material to add he occasionally traveled through the country.
He spent most of his life as a mill worker.
In the meantime he traveled the world expanding his financial empire.
Matilda is usually drawn with a flower on her hat, which loses a petal in each panel in which she appears.
Hortense was born in a working class family living in relative poverty.
She observed from a distance with her father and sister while her brother earned the number one dime.
Scrooge would spend some of his leisure time with his younger sisters, and occasionally repaired their dolls.
Scrooge soon managed to become her rider although he never really managed to tame her.
Of the two only the boy inherited his mother's temper.
Soho was later assigned to the defense and military beat.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
Each team has two major-league-size practice fields, four-minor-league-size practice fields, an agility field, a half field, batting cages, and pitching mounds.
Construction was not yet complete, but the teams were able to prioritize the parts of the facilities most important to spring training so that it met their needs by the reporting dates.
Next to the church is a corrugated iron church hall.
The block, one room deep, contains a two-flight stair with honeysuckle ironwork balusters in a segmental recess, and two rooms with classical plaster cornices.
In the drawing room a ceiling with trophy motifs in an oval of leaves, and a frieze of garlands.
Training includes weather, basic electronics, communications electronic systems, communications computer systems, air traffic control, airfield management, command post, air weapons control, precision measurement, education and training, financial management and comptroller, information management, manpower and personnel, radar, ground radio, and network control.
With their lightning speed and incredible team chemistry they were almost unstoppable.
It had rained all day long, the field was entirely flooded.
The white and reds, however, were an exciting mix of veterans and upstart youngsters.
Poland was in fact a pre-tourney favorite to go far.
Portugal was another matter but many did not dismiss the possibility of a draw.
However, just like four years earlier, the campaign was a massive disappointment.
The campaign started off well enough with a total of seven points in the first three matches.
Due to heavy rain, however, the pitch was deemed unplayable by the referee and it was decided that the game would take place the following day.
The home kit consists of a white shirt, red shorts and white socks; the away kit is all red (though sometimes worn with white shorts).
On the rare occasions when both home and away kits clash with the opponent's, a colours third kit is available, usually in either black or blue (currently navy blue with white-red sleeves).
With few exceptions, the buildings retain a high level of integrity to their original appearance.
The facades are continuous, without a gap within the district.
This popular biweekly newsletter points out the weaknesses and outright fallacies in the science that is being touted as "proof" of disastrous warming.
Best known for her painting and embroidering she also worked in a range of mediums such as leather, book binding and also painted china.
The women's friendship was longlasting and strong despite the different trajectories of their careers.
The two women often modelled for each other and were inseparable companions during the years they lived together.
She is quoted as saying that she chose embroidery because she enjoyed "playing with colour" but also because it would sell as "art for art's sake is the road to starvation nowadays".
He soon earned a reputation as a skillful attacking midfielder, with a very precise shot.
He didn't manage to play any game in that tournament, though.
He also has two relatives who have achieved huge success in other sports.
During this era, the show aired for the fall/winter season.
Viewers who submit the correct answers online are entered into a draw for a digital camera or movie passes.
Some segments consist of public demonstrations of physics experiments with help from bystanders.
However, the band stated it might be possible that they would write new material in the future.
The band felt that they wanted to go back to their original roots and did not want to be forced into changing their sound for commercial reasons.
They also wanted to tone down their vibrant, glam rock image.
In mathematics, an action of a group is a formal way of interpreting the manner in which the elements of the group correspond to transformations of some space in a way that preserves the structure of that space.
Common examples of spaces that groups act on are sets, vector spaces, and topological spaces.
Actions of groups on vector spaces are called representations of the group.
When there is a natural correspondence between the set of group elements and the set of space transformations, a group can be interpreted as acting on the space in a canonical way.
For example, the symmetric group of a finite set consists of all bijective transformations of that set; thus, applying any element of the permutation group to an element of the set will produce another (not necessarily distinct) element of the set.
More generally, symmetry groups such as the homeomorphism group of a topological space or the general linear group of a vector space, as well as their subgroups, also admit canonical actions.
For other groups, an interpretation of the group in terms of an action may have to be specified, either because the group does not act canonically on any space or because the canonical action is not the action of interest.
The abstraction provided by group actions is a powerful one, because it allows geometrical ideas to be applied to more abstract objects.
Many objects in mathematics have natural group actions defined on them.
In particular, groups can act on other groups, or even on themselves.
Because of this generality, the theory of group actions contains wide-reaching theorems, such as the orbit stabilizer theorem, which can be used to prove deep results in several fields.
It is thus sufficient to only consider left actions without any loss of generality.
Note that a free action on a non-empty set is faithful.
The coinvariant terminology and notation are used particularly in group cohomology and group homology, which use the same superscript/subscript convention.
The above says that the stabilizers of elements in the same orbit are conjugate to each other.
A maximal orbit type is often called a principal orbit type.
It also acts on the set of faces or the set of edges of the polyhedron.
The symmetry group of any geometrical object acts on the set of points of that object.
This is a quotient of the action of the general linear group on projective space.
The definition can be made more precise by specifying what is meant by image or pattern; e.g., a function of position with values in a set of colors.
Isometries are in fact one example of affine group (action).
Further the stabilizers of the action are the vertex groups, and the orbits of the action are the components, of the action groupoid.
This allows a relation between such morphisms and covering maps in topology.
This is indeed a generalization, since every group can be considered a topological group by using the discrete topology.
The above statements about isomorphisms for regular, free and transitive actions are no longer valid for continuous group actions.
Note that, while every continuous group action is strongly continuous, the converse is not in general true.
This does not define bijective maps and equivalence relations however.
For example, if we take the category of vector spaces, we obtain group representations in this fashion.
In analogy, an action of a groupoid is a functor from the groupoid to the category of sets or to some other category.
All of these are examples of group objects acting on objects of their respective category.
It is a detailed review by the artist of a selection of his paintings, his techniques, his inspirations and some sample sketches along the way to the finished painting.
The newspaper is published once a week except during exam and holiday periods.
I said recently that we're at the end of one era and at the beginning of another.
And decade after decade, time after time, the flowering human spirit withered from the chill of conflict and oppression; and again, the world waited.
Curve families generated by pairs of locally orthogonal functions have been the best studied.
It is a widely known method in applications of image and video processing including computer vision, such as biometric identification by fingerprints, and studies of human tissue sections.
Logarithmic spirals, including circles, can for instance be detected by (complex) convolutions and non-linear mappings.
The spirals can be in gray (valued) images or in a binary image, i.e.
A well known pair of processes consist in rotation, and zooming.
If the image has iso-curves that look like a "star" or bicycle spokes, i.e.
For example, a photograph as well as any neighborhood of it are images.
The procedure involves replacing the serial plate of a stolen or salvage repaired vehicle with a plate containing the number of a validly registered vehicle of similar make, model and year from another state, province or country.
If the purchaser of a cloned vehicle has its true pedigree discovered, the car will be confiscated, and owner would still be responsible for any outstanding loans.
The victim could spend a great amount of time and money trying to prove that were not the owner of the cloned vehicle.
The link-up was not smooth, as a friendly fire incident occurred, resulting in casualties.
Two of them were sentenced to six years in prison, one of them to five years and the remaining two to two years' imprisonment.
The plant is very limited in distribution and today exists only in degraded habitat on these two small islands.
The inflorescence is an array of flower heads lined with oval-shaped phyllaries.
Alf (and to a lesser degree his wife) represented the old guard, the traditional and conservative attitudes of the older generation.
Alf's battles with his left-wing son-in-law were not just ideological but generational and cultural.
They supported the aspects of the new era such as relaxed sexual mores, fashions, music, etc.
The subjects that excited him most were football and politics, though his actual knowledge of either was limited.
He often referred to racial minorities as "coons" and similar terms.
Controversially, the show was one of the earliest mainstream programmes to feature the swear word 'bloody'.
Speight saw the show as a way of ridiculing such views and dealing with his complex feelings about his father.
Her scenes were recorded separately from the rest of the episodes.
Currently, most material from twelve episodes still survives, with one episode on the original tape and the rest on film or domestic formats.
She often lashed out at her husband (who called her a "silly old moo").
In biology, naturalisation (or naturalization) is any process by which a non-native organism or species spreads into the wild and its reproduction is sufficient to maintain its population.
Some populations do not sustain themselves reproductively, but exist because of continued influx from elsewhere.
Such a non-sustaining population, or the individuals within it, are said to be adventive.
Naturalised species may become invasive species if they become sufficiently abundant to have an adverse effect on native plants and animals.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, dry savanna, and swamps.
It seeks to make players and users of translation and interpretation services more aware of the importance of quality and responsibility.
The objective of this new category is to accept and assist translators who do not have degrees and who do not have at least three years' professional experience.
The officers, who number a maximum of fifteen, are elected by the general meeting for two-year terms.
Each member has areas of specialisation and respects the principle of using his or her native language as target language.
While waiting to meet these criteria, any one active in the profession may become a member as a trainee.
To this end, it regularly attends meetings, participates in trade fairs and symposiums and relays offers and communications from international organisations to its members.
Street dancing and showdown are the main features of the festival.
He was the originator of the concept of lines of non-extension on the human body which was used to create workable space suits.
They recognized that astronauts had to be protected from expansive forces.
Iberall developed one of the first space suits to solve this problem; his first approximation was to use netting (linknet) to help the suit maintain form.
The design of a space suit needed a deep understanding of physiology.
The entire universe is modelled as atomistic-like units bound in interactive ensembles that form systems, level by level in a nested hierarchy.
Homeokinetics treats all complex systems on an equal footing, both animate and inanimate, providing them with a common viewpoint.
The complexity in studying how they work is reduced by the emergence of common languages for all complex systems.
Life, birth, and death of complex systems are bound in hierarchical processes that have both side-side and in-out components.
In common with the simpler counterparts, complex systems exhibit rest phases, smooth or creeping flows, turbulence, and chaotic phases; they alternate in storminess and placidity, as well as in their intermittence and changeability.
Working on the applied problems of the aircraft industry, meteorology, and high altitude military led to his studies of high speed so-called speed-of-sound rates of flow, to more than one phase flow (e.g., gases and liquids), two or more stream flow theory, metastability, solid state metals research both for steady state loads and dynamic (or changing) states.
This irrevocably led to the problem of turbulence as distinguished from laminar flow.
These systems are associated with nested hierarchy and with an extensive range of time scale processes.
It was such connections, referred to as both up-down or in-out connections (as nested hierarchy) and side-side or flatland physics among atomistic-like components (as heterarchy) that became the hallmark of homeokinetic problems.
A homeokinetic approach to complex systems has been applied to ecological psychology, anthropology, geology, law, motor control, bioenergetics, and political science.
It has also been applied to social physics where a homeokinetics analysis shows that one must account for flow variables such as the flow of energy, of materials, of action, reproduction rate, and value-in-exchange.
Their pelts of beautiful silver-grey fur are regarded as very valuable.
A hoar fox can bite, and has a breath weapon that creates a cone of cold wide enough to catch one victim.
In ethics and other branches of philosophy, suicide poses difficult questions, answered differently by various philosophers.
Those in favor of suicide as a personal choice reject the thought that suicide is always or usually irrational, but is instead a solution to real problems; a line of last resort that can legitimately be taken when the alternative is considered worse.
They believe that no being should be made to suffer unnecessarily, and suicide provides an escape from suffering.
He denied that suicide was immoral and saw it as one's right to take one's life.
In an allegory, he compared ending one's life, when subject to great suffering, to waking up from sleep when experiencing a terrible nightmare.
However, most suicides were seen as an act of the will, as it takes place when one denies life's pains, and is thus different from ascetic renunciation of the will, which denies life's pleasures.
Far from being a denial, suicide is an emphatic assertion of this will.
For it is in fleeing from the pleasures, not from the sufferings of life, that this denial consists.
When a man destroys his existence as an individual, he is not by any means destroying his will to live.
On the contrary, he would like to live if he could do so with satisfaction to himself; if he could assert his will against the power of circumstance; but circumstance is too strong for him.
Rather, only the individual involved can make such a decision, and whatever decision they make should be respected.
If others can force you to live, you do not own yourself and belong to them.
He argues forcefully and almost romantically that suicide represents the ultimate freedom of humanity, justifying the act with phrases such as "we only arrive at ourselves in a freely chosen death" and lamenting "ridiculously everyday life and its alienation".
Many forms of existentialist thinking essentially begin with the premise that life is objectively meaningless, and proceed to the question of why one should not just kill oneself; they then answer this question by suggesting that the individual has the power to give personal meaning to life.
Suicide could be justified if one fell victim to severe pain or disease, but otherwise suicide would usually be seen as a rejection of one's social duty.
Yet there are ways of remaining alive and ways of avoiding death to which a person will not resort.
In other words, there are things a person wants more than life and there are also things he or she loathes more than death.
However, the argument against this is that while emotional pain may seem transitory to most people, and in many cases it is, in other cases it may be extremely difficult or even impossible to resolve, even through counseling or lifestyle change, depending upon the severity of the affliction and the person's ability to cope with their pain.
Examples of this are incurable disease or lifelong mental illness.
He thinks that fleeing from the absurdity of reality into illusions, religion, or death is not the way out.
Instead of fleeing the absurd meaninglessness of life, we should embrace life passionately.
He stares at death with passionate attention and this fascination liberates him.
In this and most other civilized countries, for example, an engagement by which a person should sell himself, or allow himself to be sold, as a slave, would be null and void; neither enforced by law nor by opinion.
The ground for thus limiting his power of voluntarily disposing of his own lot in life, is apparent, and is very clearly seen in this extreme case.
The reason for not interfering, unless for the sake of others, with a person's voluntary acts, is consideration for his liberty.
His voluntary choice is evidence that what he so chooses is desirable, or at the least endurable, to him, and his good is on the whole best provided for by allowing him to take his own means of pursuing it.
But by selling himself for a slave, he abdicates his liberty; he forgoes any future use of it, beyond that single act.
He therefore defeats, in his own case, the very purpose which is the justification of allowing him to dispose of himself.
He is no longer free; but is thenceforth in a position which has no longer the presumption in its favour, that would be afforded by his voluntarily remaining in it.
The principle of freedom cannot require that he should be free not to be free.
It is not freedom, to be allowed to alienate his freedom.
It could be argued that suicide prevents further choices in the same way slavery does.
However, it can also be argued that there are significant differences in not having any further involvement in decisions about your life and not having any further life to make decisions about.
Suicide essentially removes the condition of being alive, not the condition of making choices about your life.
Mill believes the individual to be the best guardian of their own interests.
Too much should not be read into "disposing of his own lot in life" in the passage as this is not necessarily talking about anything other than slavery.
Kant's theory looks at the act only, and not at its outcomes and consequences, and claims that one is ethically required to consider whether one would be willing to universalise the act: to claim everyone should behave that way.
Therefore, it is unethical to commit suicide to satisfy oneself.
Hobbes also states that it is intuitively rational for men to want felicity and to fear death most.
It was generally seen as a right only permitted to the samurai class; civilian criminals would thus not have this 'honor' and be executed.
This reflects a view of suicide as brave and correct rather than cowardly and wrong.
Though the death of a depressed person ends their suffering, the person's family and friends may grieve.
He spends much less time dismissing arguments that it is an affront to one's duty to others or to oneself.
Hume claims that suicide can be compared to retiring from society and becoming a total recluse, which is not normally considered to be immoral, although the comparison would not seem to justify a suicide that leaves in its wake children or dependents who are thereby rendered vulnerable.
Those who support the right to die argue that suicide is acceptable under certain circumstances, such as incurable disease and old age.
The idea is that although life is, in general, good, people who face irreversible suffering should not be forced to continue suffering.
In cases such as these, suicide is not necessarily a philosophic rejection of life or of reality.
On the contrary, it may very well be their tragic reaffirmation.
The linga is kind of svayambhu, that is to say, a natural shape protruding from the ground and not a carved stone placed there.
They also are very constant in supplying offerings to the shrine of grain etc.
This paliyo is built into the temple well, but the inscription is being rapidly effaced by people washing clothes and beating them on this stone.
The main rebranding was to associate a shade of deep purple with the company.
Like other members of its family, it has a globulous, extensible body, with soft skin is covered with small dermal spinules.
Its skin is covered partially with few, small, wart-like protuberances, some variably shaped, scab-like blotches and many small eye spots (ocelli) which look like sponges holes.
Its large prognathous mouth allows it to consume prey its same size.
The coloring of the body is extremely variable because they always tend to match their living environments.
Frogfishes have the capacity to change coloration and pigment pattern in few weeks.
However, the dominant coloration goes from white to black, passing through a whole range of related nuances such as cream, pink, yellow, red, and brown, usually with circular eye spots darker than the background color and/or with saddles and blotches.
Juveniles can have a dark background color with small yellow spots.
The first dorsal spine, the illicium, is modified and is used as a fishing rod.
Its extremity is endowed with a characteristic esca (lure), which looks like a small fish with a pinkish to brownish coloration.
The illicium is twice the length of the second dorsal spine and its often darkly banded.
The second dorsal spine is practically straight and is mobile, and the third one is bent towards the back of the body; both are membranously attached to the head.
They are well separated from each other and from the dorsal fin.
The pectoral fins are angled and help, with the pelvic fins, to move the frogfish on the bottom and to keep a stable position for ambush.
They gather during mating period, but do not tolerate each other any more after the act of fertilization.
The male can kill or eat the female if she stays too close.
The first two sections serve as evidence and reference for legitimatizing the third and main section.
The tunnel provides a sidewalk for pedestrians, two lanes for vehicular traffic, as well as room for three sets of tracks for rail vehicles.
Water is pumped via pipes located under the road and discharged into the canal.
The tunnel was closed to vehicular traffic to allow for repair.
This styling survives principally in the woodwork frieze on the porch, and its flanking projecting polygonal bay with skirting below the second and third floor windows.
Other details, including bracketing in the eaves an dvertical board finish on the projecting bay, have been lost or obscured due to residing.
Even for planar graphs, allowing some right-angle crossings in a drawing of the graph can significantly improve measures of the drawing quality such as its area or angular resolution.
For drawings with polyline edges, the bound on the number of edges in the graph depends on the number of bends that are allowed per edge.
According to some shia scholars, twenty (or ten or thirty) thousands have narrated this event, but only fifty narrations are available.
Twenty (or ten or thirty) thousands have reported the event.
Only fifty narrations have survived since third century out of ten thousands or twenty thousands or thirty thousands narrations.
According to shia view they are infallible and immune from error in practical matters, in inviting people to the religion and in perceiving the realm of cognition.
Twenty (or ten or thirty) thousands have narrated this event, but only fifty narrations are available.
There were two rounds of competition in the individual competition.
One routine was performed with each of the four apparatus: rope, hoop, ball and clubs.
The combined scores from the four routines made up the preliminary qualifications round score.
The top eight gymnasts after the preliminary round advanced to the finals.
Performative writing is a form of post-modernist or avant-garde academic writing, often taking as its subject a work of visual art or performance art.
It is heavily informed by critical theory, but arises ultimately from linguistic ideas around performative utterances.
The term is often applied to a bricolage of other writing styles.
It is claimed to be politically radical, because it thus 'defies' literary conventions and traditions.
It is said to more accurately reflect the fleeting and ephemeral nature of a performance, and the various mechanisms of memory and referentiality that happen during and after the performance.
Critics of performative writing have described it, in practice, as: self-indulgent; insular; politically neutred due to its tiny elite audience and its neo-romantic individualism; obscurantist; often bearing only a loose relationship to the works of art it claims to be about; and dependent on the funding (of universities and public arts funding) of the very state that it claims to be against.
Also that, when taught, it often paradoxically expects students to reveal personal truths and use experimental forms within a strict classroom regimen of grades, lesson attendance and exams.
It can generally be seen to follow the pattern of much modernist writing, in that it seeks to create complex new literary approaches in order to seal off 'high art culture' from the attention of ordinary people and from a mass culture.
The term performative writing should not be confused with "writing that is performed", i.e.
He received concurrent sentences of twenty, fifteen and five years for these convictions.
Near the end, his family considered the possibility of intervening to save his life, but they were told that he would probably have permanent brain damage.
He is known mostly as a painter of flowers and of landscape compositions with figures which were often informed by mythology and classical history.
The son of a gardener, he originally entered his father's trade, and progressed to operating a nursery.
During the military service his drawing skills were noticed and he was trained as a mapmaker.
Many of his early works depict biblical or mythological themes.
This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
People and creatures from the past are brought forward in time to be interviewed, studied and to provide entertainment for the people of the future.
He is forced to investigate his own "murder" and discover who or what wanted him dead.
He was apparently copied by unknown aliens and sent to a hidden world that may have come from the universe that existed before ours.
Its research fall into two main categories: core computing and multidisciplinary computing.
The goal for the institute is to gain recognition by focusing on a small number of areas.
The petroleum industry needs advanced computer modeling to assist in the extraction and movement of petroleum products.
The telecommunications and datacenter industries need the most advanced research in computing networks, broadband, and other forms of advanced computing infrastructure.
The healthcare industry needs efficient and secure management of electronic patient records, clinical information systems, and data interoperability protocols for the exchange and sharing of data.
Compared to insectivorous bats, fruit bats are relatively large and, with some exceptions, do not navigate by echolocation.
They are herbivores and rely on their keen senses of sight and smell to locate food.
Most fruit bats have large eyes, allowing them to orient themselves visually in twilight and inside caves and forests.
Echolocation and flight evolved early in the lineage of chiropterans.
Both echolocation and flight are energetically expensive processes for bats.
The nature of the flight and echolocation mechanism of bats allows for creation of echolocation pulses with minimal energy use.
Energetic coupling of these two processes is thought to have allowed for both energetically expensive processes to evolve in bats.
The loss of echolocation may be due to the uncoupling of flight and echolocation in megabats.
The larger average body size of megabats compared to echolocating bats suggests that a larger body size disrupts the flight-echolocation coupling and made echolocation too energetically expensive to be conserved in megabats.
Only those that possess echolocation venture into the dark recesses of caves.
Because they eat fruit, some megabat species are unpopular with orchard owners.
Megabats are frugivorous or nectarivorous, i.e., they eat fruits or lick nectar from flowers.
Often, the fruits are crushed and only the juices are consumed.
The teeth are adapted to bite through hard fruit rinds.
Frugivorous bats aid the distribution of plants (and therefore forests) by carrying the fruits with them and spitting the seeds or eliminating them elsewhere.
They bear long tongues that are inserted deep into the flower; pollen passed to the bat is then transported to the next blossom visited, thereby pollinating it.
This relationship between plants and bats is a form of mutualism known as "chiropterophily".
Three species of bats have tested positive for ebola, but had no symptoms of the virus.
This indicates that the bats may be acting as a reservoir for the virus.
According to this hypothesis, all living megabats and microbats are descendants of a common ancestor species that was already capable of flight.
However, other views have been shared, and a vigorous debate persists to this date.
Other studies have recently suggested that certain families of microbats (possibly the horseshoe bats, mouse-tailed bats, and the false vampires) are evolutionarily closer to the fruit bats than to other microbats.
The rim of the bowl forms the watershed from which dozens of rivulets arise.
Chhechhari valley is surrounded by lofty hills on every side.
It carries a large volume of water during rains over a rocky river bed but during dry months it almost dries up.
Concurrent medical problems and lower functional expectations of elderly patients often obscure the degree of impairment.
Typically, elderly patients with depression do not report depressed mood, but instead present with less specific symptoms such as insomnia, anorexia, and fatigue.
Elderly persons sometimes dismiss less severe depression as an acceptable response to life stress or a normal part of aging.
Suicide rates are nearly twice as high in depressed patients as in the general population.
Minor depression, which is more common than major depression in elderly patients, may follow a major depressive episode.
It also can be a reaction to routine stressors in older populations.
It is known, however, that brain changes can be triggered by the stresses of certain life events such as illness, childbirth, death of a loved one, life transitions (such as retirement), interpersonal conflicts, or social isolation.
Risk factors for depression in elderly persons include a history of depression, chronic medical illness, female sex, being single or divorced, brain disease, alcohol abuse, use of certain medications, and stressful life events.
Effective management requires a biopsychosocial approach, combining pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy.
Therapy generally results in improved quality of life, enhanced functional capacity, possible improvement in medical health status, increased longevity, and lower health care costs.
Improvement should be evident as early as two weeks after the start of therapy, but full therapeutic effects may require several months of treatment.
Psychotherapeutic approaches include cognitive behavioral therapy, supportive psychotherapy, problem-solving therapy, and interpersonal therapy.
The potential benefit of psychotherapy is not diminished by increasing age.
Older adults often have better treatment compliance, lower dropout rates, and more positive responses to psychotherapy than younger patients.
Underuse or misuse of antidepressants and prescribing inadequate dosages are the most common mistakes physicians make when treating elderly patients for depression.
Antidepressants, in general, may also work by playing a neuroprotective role in how they relieve anxiety and depression.
It's thought that antidepressants may increase the effects of brain receptors that help nerve cells keep sensitivity to glutamate which is an organic compound of a nonessential amino acid.
This increased support of nerve cells lowers glutamate sensitivity, providing protection against the glutamate overwhelming and exciting key brain areas related to depression.
Antidepressant medications are often the first treatment choice for adults with moderate or severe depression, sometimes along with psychotherapy.
Although antidepressants may not cure depression, they can lead to remission, which is the disappearance or nearly complete reduction of depression symptoms.
Some research suggests that abnormalities in neurotransmitter activity affect mood and behavior.
Increased serotonin enhances neurotransmission, the sending of nerve impulses, and improves mood.
As a result, these levels remain high in the brain, boosting mood.
Commonly used ones are venlafaxine, nefazadone, bupropion, mirtazapine and trazodone.
These chemicals, called neurotransmitters, deliver messages from one brain cell to another.
The release of these chemicals makes the brain cells work better.
A person's mood will improve when his or her brain cells and chemical messengers work better.
Although electroconvulsive therapy can still cause side effects and complications, it now uses precisely calculated electrical currents administered in a controlled setting to achieve the most benefit with the fewest possible risks.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation is one of the newer types of brain-stimulation methods designed to treat depression when standard treatment hasn't worked.
But in general, a large electromagnetic coil is placed against the scalp near the forehead.
The electromagnet creates painless electric currents that stimulate nerve cells in the region of your brain involved in mood regulation and depression.
Vagus nerve stimulation is one of several newer types of brain stimulation methods designed to treat depression when standard treatment hasn't worked.
With vagus nerve stimulation, a device called a pulse generator is surgically implanted in the chest.
A wire threaded under the skin connects the pulse generator to the left vagus nerve in the neck.
The pulse generator sends out electrical signals along the vagus nerve to the brain.
These signals affect mood centers in the brain, possibly improving depression symptoms.
Vagus nerve stimulation is recommended only for certain cases of severe or chronic depression.
In recent years, the search for a single, defective gene responsible for each mental illness has given way to the understanding that multiple gene variants, acting together with yet unknown environmental risk factors or developmental events, account for the expression of depression.
Ultimately, imaging technologies may serve as tools for early diagnosis and subtyping of depression.
Researchers are investigating whether this phenomenon contributes to the development of depression.
The first new buildings were in a housing development built by the railway company for railway workers.
When these enterprises closed, new companies took over their premises.
This was one of the final classical "eyed" cars to ever be manufactured.
In a move to modernize the exterior and improve its aerodynamics, the edges of the front and rear fenders were rounded off.
The design of the trunklid was changed to fit wraparound taillamp clusters while the front turn signals and parking lamps were integrated into a single cluster with the quad headlamps.
The interior was updated, with new front and rear seats.
Featuring split-bench cloth seats, the option included upgraded interior carpet, additional sound insulation and power-operated features, and upgraded stereo systems.
As with its predecessor, the station wagon came equipped with a dual-hinged tailgate; it opened both downwards like the tailgate of a pickup truck or swung open to the side.
The species has a plain face, marked only by a slightly contrasting fleshy eye-ring around a rather large eye and a variable white streak behind the eye.
The upperparts of the bird are rufous brown, the underside tawny with no barring or spotting.
Its rufous brown plumage provides reasonable camouflage on the shady forest floor.
One to three eggs are laid in a nest which consists of a loose platform made from twigs and lined with plant fibre and leaves.
The eggs are dull white with brown markings on one end.
The brown mesite has never been observed flying; this may be simply due to its secretive habits, or it may be because it is in fact flightless.
It is suspected that the population is rapidly declining because of predation by dogs, rats and by hunting.
Its forests are also threatened by logging and subsistence agriculture.
Hawaiian kinship, also referred to as the generational system, is a kinship system used to define family.
In it, differences are distinguished by generation and by gender.
There is a parental generation and a generation of children.
It is found in approximately one third of the world's societies, although these are usually small societies.
This form of kinship is most common in societies with ambilineal descent groups, where economic production and child-rearing are shared.
A piezoelectric transducer is attached to a material such as glass.
An oscillating electric signal drives the transducer to vibrate, which creates sound waves in the material.
These can be thought of as moving periodic planes of expansion and compression that change the index of refraction.
Cascaded diffraction in medium thickness crystals leads to higher orders of diffraction.
Consequently, the deflection is typically limited to tens of milliradians.
Hence, the intensity of the sound can be used to modulate the intensity of the light in the diffracted beam.
Diffraction from the standing wave does not shift the frequency of the diffracted light.
The acousto-optic tunable filter, especially the dazzler, which can generate variable pulse shapes, is based on this principle.
This is fast enough to create active modelocking in an ultrafast laser.
Some puzzles have more pieces than others, making them harder to complete.
The sequel includes tougher enemies, multiple paths, and new hats.
One of the former two can be downloaded for free.
Flowers and unwanted seeds can be sold for money, which can be spent on new accessories, seeds, and plots.
Job quests are available where the player is tasked with growing plants of specific qualities to fulfill customer requirements.
Players assume the role of a general on a quest to conquer the world one country at a time.
Battles follow a rock, paper, scissors mechanic, in which players assign soldiers to three classes, with each have strengths and weaknesses against the other classes, and pit them against the opponent, the first to win two matches winning the battle and earning a portion of their soldiers.
Defeating certain leaders earns materials which can be used to upgrade the player's castle, granting new options.
Laying pieces of the same color together expands the room, sometimes revealing treasure chests that offer new weapons and items.
The main task is to uncover the stairs to the next floor in order to progress.
When entering a new room, the player may encounter an enemy, which they must face against using their equipped weapon, which uses rechargeable batteries to function.
During battle, the player can either fire at the enemy, which uses one battery charge, or defend against the enemy's attack, which slowly drains the battery meter.
Defeating enemies earns experience points which can power up the equipped weapon.
There are various types of weapon, some of which are more effective against certain enemies.
If the player runs out of health points, they will faint and their session will end.
Each type of fish have certain types of bait they are attracted to, and players can combine bait together in order to catch larger fish.
Each island is split up into multiple areas, which are unlocked after players manage to catch a certain type of fish.
The game tasks players with battling against hordes of zombies in order to clear each level's objective.
If the player takes too much damage, they will lose their current weapon, and the level ends if the player loses all of their weapons or fail the main objective (the player has three chances to attempt each level per session).
Clearing various criteria, such as beating a level within a time limit, earns medals, with additional levels unlocked after obtaining enough medals.
His idea is to force the boy to drink castor oil.
Ramallo, like all the tubercular and lung diseased patients, has to live in a large room, dormitory style.
They bury the animal together and reconcile remembering their childhood friendship.
Ramallo leaves him silent telling him that his anger comes because he is secretly in love with him.
Francisca lays out the two bodies in the mortuary and removes her nun's coif.
There he focused on the analysis and improvement of repulsion motors.
However his wife who he loved a lot died at an early age and he became very sad at this hence he got involved in the world war to distract himself.
Because the array is declared as an automatic variable, its lifetime ends when read_and_process() returns.
The "unsafe" keyword would require an assembly containing this code to be marked as unsafe.
His wife, who found sex "disgusting", forbade him to see her, and he, being in need of an heir, had to submit.
Daagh was a respected poet in his own day and was considered the best romantic poet.
The simplicity of the verses with utter playfulness impressed people from all walks of life.
He started reciting poetry at the age of ten and his forte was the romantic version, the ghazal.
He became very popular for his exuberant style of poetry.
Unlike the elitist style by the poets of the time, his style was simple and was well received by both, the common man and the elite.
He was very popular in mushairas and became a fixture at such gathering.
He was highly respected and acclaimed for his language finesse.
She was a great admirer of his romantic poetry and used them in her tawaif performances.
At times he had to be away from his family during turbulent times, and he wrote poems on the situation.
Initially, she had no interest in recording songs for the film's soundtrack, as she wanted to concentrate on her acting.
The song's instrumentation includes quiet bells and strings, and the whole arrangement is mellow.
In other countries, the single performed moderately on the chart.
The next week it dropped to number sixteen before descending the charts steadily.
Houston's solo performance was followed by ad-libs of its chorus.
The line runs along a railroad embankment and trestle over the lake above the dam, cutting the park into a two-thirds wooded northern part and the one-third southern portion around the dam, picnic groves, pavilion and pumping station.
A week later, the two sides agreed to a one-year retransmission agreement.
Their father served as the team's assistant coach during that time.
Each magazine had its titular host, but the hosting duties for any one issue were typically shared with the hosts of the other two.
He was a frightening presence in those early issues, an ancient inquisitor, hooded and robed, presiding over the empty dungeon of his bloody past.
But he soon evolved into a more comedic horror host, delivering an irreverent and pun-filled commentary to lighten the horrific tone of the stories he introduced.
While the committee stopped short of blaming the comics industry for juvenile delinquency, they did suggest it tone down the product.
Gaines was fed up; he believed his titles were being specifically targeted and realized they were doomed to future failure.
The clockwise-plaited stitch is also called a left crossed stitch, since the left strand (i.e., the outgoing strand) of the loop crosses over the right incoming strand.
Left-crossed stitches are sometimes called twisted stitches, although the latter term might be confused with similar terms from cable knitting.
Conversely, a counterclockwise plaited stitch can be produced if the yarn is wrapped around the needle in the opposite direction as normal while knitting a stitch.
Such a stitch is also called a "right crossed stitch", since the right incoming strand crosses over the left outgoing strand.
Here, the plait appears in the upper stitch being knitted, i.e., in the new loop being formed.
In the "brute-force" approach, the knitter can produce any sort of plaiting by removing the stitch to be knitted from the left-hand needle, twisting it as desired, then returning it to the left-hand needle and knitting it.
Fabrics made with plaited stitches are stiffer than normal and "draw in" sideways, i.e., have a smaller widthwise gauge.
Extra-long, full-turn clockwise plaited stitches can be made by knitting through the back loop and wrapping the yarn twice; this is an attractive stitch when repeated in a row, creating openness and a change in scale that enlivens even simple stockinette or garter stitch.
Plaited stitches are also useful in increases and decreases, both for drawing the fabric together and for covering potential "holes" in the fabric.
Such stitches are often produced when a knitted fabric is partially pulled out and some stitches are accidentally put back onto the needle with a backwards twist.
Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it.
Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The bill allowed an exception for minors who are victims of incest.
Boren's fiscally conservative leanings fit with the political demographics of his district.
His work has been exhibited internationally and continues to inform the art of photography.
Penn continued to work at the magazine throughout his career, photographing covers, portraits, still lifes, fashion, and photographic essays.
Penn was among the first photographers to pose subjects against a simple grey or white backdrop and he effectively used this simplicity.
Penn's still life compositions are sparse and highly organized, assemblages of food or objects that articulate the abstract interplay of line and volume.
Penn's photographs are composed with a great attention to detail, which continues into his craft of developing and making prints of his photographs.
Penn experimented with many printing techniques, including prints made on aluminum sheets coated with a platinum emulsion rendering the image with a warmth that untoned silver prints lacked.
His black and white prints are notable for their deep contrast, giving them a clean, crisp look.
The site consists of a single circuit wall surrounding the summit of the outcrop, several impressive rooms, an outwork protecting the south entrance, and a large donjon at the west.
The surrounding countryside offers many places for climbing, trekking and rafting.
Saran was inspired by this incident and scripted a story based on it.
Accompanied by his gang, he arrives at a magistrate's court for a hearing.
To pursue her, he joins an evening class at her college and she falls in love with him, unaware of his true identity.
Teja returns to his gang and continues his illegal activities.
The director disclosed that it was "a modern day rags to riches story" where the protagonist rises from humble origins to an enviable position.
The launch function was marked by the submission of the script, songs and lyrics.
Chennai city and its newspapers have been my source material.
He was overwhelmed by the response and, having already worked as a voice artist and singer, offered to sing his version of the song to which the producers agreed.
The film had been completed by then and the additional track was featured during the closing credits.
However, the audience were dissatisfied with the shortened version of the song and forced theatre owners to rewind the song and play it again.
After receiving calls from distributors and theatre owners, the makers eventually sent the entire song.
The film's premise of an outlaw reforming his ways was appreciated.
However, the sceptics in the industry dismissed the film's success as a fluke.
The box office collections revived the fortunes of theatres that were on the verge of closure.
It is said that ordinary people used to work in the day building up the edifice, while noblemen and other elite worked at night to break down anything that was raised that day.
They exist but have been sealed after a period of long disuse as well as fears over the disappearance of people who had reportedly gone missing, while exploring.
There are several images with probable astrological (astronomical dating) that are very cryptic.
The term is also, however, applied to those buildings used as chapels by the priests and singers of the chapel royal for the performance of their duties.
Since such establishments are outside the usual diocesan structure, they are classified as royal peculiars.
The large window to the right of the palace gatehouse is in the north wall of this chapel which is laid out on a north-south rather than the usual east-west axis.
All are cared for by their own chaplains and choirs.
She recalled the horror of finding her father malnourished and emaciated on her arrival there, and watched him die from pleurisy two days later.
Upon arrival, the leader of her group was shot and killed as she exited the train.
For the first five years, the family lived in a converted garage.
He was given a job as an engineer, and his wages increased commensurably.
Both versions essentially tell the same story, with the second version emphasizing comedy over the romance of the first version.
He also rewrote existing lyrics and introduced more opportunities for dance numbers.
She believes instead that she is destined for a better life and dreams that her unknown parents are of the nobility.
Gerard is entranced by her beauty, and she finds herself similarly attracted.
He throws down his pen and rushes madly from the scene.
Picorin is still unable to express himself; the two indulge in a nicely conceived duet where they cover their emotions for each other behind eating a meal uncomfortably.
Informally, it is a probability space consisting of an interval and/or a finite or countable number of atoms.
Two probability spaces are isomorphic, if there exists an isomorphism between them.
Its events and random variables are the same as on the usual circle.
Every injective measurable function from a standard probability space to a standard measurable space is generating.
A standard probability space may contain a null set of any cardinality, thus, it need not be countably separated.
However, it always contains a countably separated subset of full measure.
The product of two standard probability spaces is a standard probability space.
A measurable subset of a standard probability space is a standard probability space.
It is assumed that the set is not a null set, and is endowed with the conditional measure.
As a result, a number of well-known facts have special 'conditional' counterparts.
Striving to get rid of null sets, mathematicians often use equivalence classes of measurable sets or functions.
It may seem that every homomorphism of measure algebras has to correspond to some measure preserving map, but it is not so.
He disliked and distrusted their religious and political principles, and expressed his opinions openly.
He believed, nonetheless, that society would restructure itself by abandoning traditional ideas of temporal and spiritual power, an evolution that would lead, inevitably, to a productive society based on, and benefiting from, a " ... union of men engaged in useful work", the basis of "true equality".
It conducts statistical activities in support of the research, analysis, and evaluation of programs to meet the needs of an aging population.
They are also eligible for promotion to senior flag rank positions, including command of aircraft carrier strike groups, expeditionary strike groups, joint task forces, numbered fleets, naval component commands and unified combatant commands.
Upon completion of strand training, students receive their "wings of gold" and are aeronautically designated as naval flight officers.
A fence insert is an object designed to fit or clip into standard chain link fencing.
There are three main objectives typically fulfilled by fence inserts.
One is to provide privacy by converting chain link fencing into an opaque surface.
Another is to exploit the fence as a site for signage, often providing low-resolution displays of corporate logos, sports mascots or verbal messages.
A third objective of fence inserts is to decorate otherwise plain fencing.
The invention consists of "marbles or other loose independent filling pieces" sized to allow placement within the cells of a wire mesh.
The purpose of the invention is described as providing "a convenient and economical means of lettering, ornamenting, or filling" the wire mesh.
Current products on the market include privacy slats that weave through the fence, plastic-shaped cups designed to clip into open cells, and two-part interlocking units which attach together at the crossover of fence wires.
The following comparison of portable media players compares general and technical information for notable digital playback devices.
Those initial pot stills are on display in its factory premises and the company now uses three fractionating columns for distillation of alcohol.
It was distributed free in bars, clubs, libraries, community centres, businesses and other places.
Illustrators were sometimes presented with tip sheets suggesting pages in the manuscript the illustrator might find a suitable character or location to illustrate.
Marcellino, however, insisted on reading the entire manuscript and producing a carefully designed, tasteful illustration that captured the overall mood of the book, often symbolically.
Marcellino's distinctive personal style never conflicted with the writers' character, but like the best graphic interpreters he added dimension that was not always there.
He also, and perhaps most importantly, challenged the strict marketing conventions imposed on packaging fiction and non-fiction blockbusters that required gigantic type for the author's name and a small, literal illustration of the plot or theme.
Although these kinds of covers grabbed attention there was little aesthetic resonance.
Marcellino introduced subtly painted and smartly lettered mini-posters that established allure.
He was a master of sky and many of his book jacket illustrations use rich, cloud-studded skyscapes as backdrops and dramatic light sources for effect.
He typically rendered the light of early dawn and late afternoon in pastel hues and airbrush smoothness to create surreal auras.
The way in which he manipulated light on such subjects as walls, chairs, and doors enabled him to transform the commonplace into charged graphic symbols.
And although you want each picture to have impact, just like a jacket, the book illustration can also be much more subtle.
It can be pondered and savored over a period of time.
He started at catcher and ended as the pitcher, blowing the save and taking the loss.
It is said that when he finished writing the bottom line on a sheet of paper, the ink of the top line had not yet dried.
Nineteen of his works have been published so far, a good many of them during his lifetime.
Enclosed by the large columned porticos was an expansive garden complex of fountains and statues.
On the opposite end of the garden complex was a curia for political meetings.
The senate would often use this building along with a number of temples and halls that satisfied the requirements for their formal meetings.
The marble covering material was used to maintain other buildings.
Today, sections of the theatre are still extant, but they are buried under more modern edifices.
The show was also accompanied by gladiatorial matches featuring exotic animals.
In fact, the site was often considered the premiere theatre throughout its entire life.
This led to the eventual establishment of a theatre district, in the most literal sense.
However, the floor plan of the old theatre was still recognizable.
Piranesi specifically notes that four of the large doors (vomitoria) through which spectators would have entered the complex were still preserved.
However, much of the height of the building had long ago been stripped away.
The image also shows a remaining substructure arch that originally would have supported the media and summa caveae.
This area, located behind the stage and within an enclosure, was used by patrons between acts or productions to stroll, purchase refreshments or just to escape to the covered porticoes from the sun or rain.
Lavish fountains were fed by water purchased from a nearby aqueduct and stored.
It is not known if the water supply would have been enough to run the water works for more than a few hours a day, or if some other supply allowed the fountains to run nearly nonstop.
The foundations of the theatre as well as part of the first level and cavea remain, but are obscured, having been overbuilt and extended.
Over building throughout the centuries has resulted in the surviving ruins of the theatre's main structure becoming incorporated within modern structures.
Rome had no permanent theatres within the city walls until this one.
Theatres and amphitheatres were temporary wooden structures that could be assembled and disassembled quickly.
Attempts to build permanent stone structures were always halted by political figures or simply did not come to full fruition.
Using religious associations and ritual for personal glorification and political propaganda were an attempt to project a public image.
The entire complex is built directly off the older section which directs the structure's layout.
In this manner, the structure had a day-to-day religious context and incorporates an older series of temples into the newer structure.
It was later rebuilt into a church, whose apse is still present.
Only the head, the arms, and the legs were of marble: the other parts, covered by the dress, were of bronze.
In the midst of their fun and edgy designs, the designers were able to incorporate their sense of humor.
If the waffle iron will return to the market is still unknown.
They are engaged in a storied rivalry, which many consider to be the greatest in tennis history.
Federer recovered from a two-set deficit to win in five sets.
Federer had just switched back to his old racquet after experimenting with a larger frame in his previous two tournaments.
Nadal's head-to-head advantage is built on his ability to dominate on clay whilst remaining competitive on the other two surfaces.
There is debate as to how much of a role sickness and injury have played in the rivalry.
Another aspect that has shaped their rivalry has been that of racquet equipment.
An important distinction is the relative success of the two players on indoor and outdoor hard courts.
This is the only surface on which they have exchanged the lead in their head-to-head, which has happened several times.
Nadal has won all of their seven meetings in best of five set matches on clay.
Though they are both highly competitive, they maintain a healthy regard for each other and have had virtually no source of personal animosity.
The two have made slight criticisms of one another in the past, nevertheless.
He subsequently apologized for making his views public, however, and both players maintained that they still enjoyed a good relationship and had high respect for each other, which can often be seen in interviews.
Despite their cordial relationship, both men have a somewhat different attitude towards their rivalry.
But he is yet to play a match for them.
In this city, the only reason for death was if a person told an untruth.
The garden has recently been renovated and is now open to the public once again.
Some were in fact bars and other were display installations for amusement purposes.
It is sometimes used as an analogy for a lifelong quest or something elusive that is much sought.
Sovran was also a competitive track and field athlete, setting regional records in the high jump and triple jump while a student.
The rapid growth rate of population in the area has become particularly evident in the last five years as apartment buildings have been erected (or converted out of former office buildings) all over the suburb.
She was also criticised for forcibly ejecting a group of homeless people from an out-of-the-way park.
The homeless now have regular altercations with retailers who accuse them of being drunk.
In response, the city council has announced plans to establish a 'wet house' for the homeless.
It became one of the most secure houses in the region and regular absconders from other workhouses were often moved here because of its remote location.
Inmates were taken to the workhouse by a constable, but if they wanted to leave they had a long walk ahead of them.
They include each state's flagship public university, four additional public universities, and two private research universities.
Total expenses includes coach and staff salaries, scholarships, buildings and grounds, maintenance, utilities and rental fees, recruiting, team travel, equipment and uniforms, conference dues, and insurance.
It was the third college sports conference to launch a dedicated network, and the first to completely fund and own their own network outright.
Three schools are associate members in a single men's sport.
Various polls, formulas, and other third-party systems have been used to determine national championships, not all of which are universally accepted.
Previously, the schools did not play one non-rival opponent, resulting in an eight-game conference schedule (four home games and four away).
The schedule consisted of one home and away game against the two schools in each region, plus the game against the primary in-state rival.
A nine-game conference schedule is being maintained, with five games within the assigned division and four games from the opposite division.
The divisional champions are determined based on record in all conference games (both divisional and cross-divisional).
The first three championship games was played at the home stadium of the participant with the better overall conference record.
In baseball, there are intense rivalries between the four southern schools.
Several were injured and riot police were called to end the fracas.
To make scheduling simpler for men and women's basketball (a sport in which each conference member uses a single venue for both teams' home games), the schedule for women's basketball is the opposite of the men's schedule.
It presented a special attachment between two men and discussed the nature and significance of such a relationship, romantic but not sexual.
The book was not well received and became the author's least successful and most disliked novel.
The remaining stock (with or without bodywork) was sold out over a few years.
He has less works because he is known to have destroyed those he was unhappy with.
Her father was a writer and a translator, and she has stated that she was first inspired by him to start writing.
She has also written lyrics and a script for a television program.
Trichopoda is a genus of tachinid flies, commonly known as the feather-legged flies or hairy-legged flies.
They are small, brightly coloured flies that congregate on flowers, feeding on nectar.
The halteres are covered with yellow scales and there is a fringe of flattened hairs on the hind legs.
In both cases he came into office following the deaths of his predecessors, first in a special election and second as a temporary appointee.
During their long run, however, the act itself went through many noticeable changes in its lineup.
Jeglitza became the actual frontman and starred in music videos, performed live, and appeared on advertisements and cover art for the group's new records.
Up until then, the group had always lip-synched in their live performances.
This was their first set of performances in over a decade and also used live vocals on backing instrumental tracks.
An ambitious and firm woman, she was a distinguished bibliophile.
Their primary objective is to remain undercover and meddle as little as possible with history.
This race consisted of four lengths of the pool, one each in backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly and freestyle swimming.
He eventually received master's degrees in social work and in law.
Sagayam was relieved of his charges and transferred to another.
Sagayam ordered a halt to dredging, and declined to rescind his order despite threats of physical violence.
District officials purportedly gave him little cooperation; his room was allegedly wiretapped; and he and his team were purportedly attacked by goons acting on behalf of granite-mining interests.
The investigation discovered evidence of extensive illegal granite-mining from public and private land, and diversion or destruction of rivers and water bodies.
The avenue is mainly home to residential buildings, shopping and service centres, small shops, as well as schools and restaurants.
However, this success was not consolidated as the band were unwilling to tour.
Shock cooling refers to the theory that damage to engines (particularly air-cooled aviation piston engines) may occur because of an excessively rapid decrease in temperature.
The situation where rapid cooling arises is on descent from altitude.
In this condition, less power is demanded of the engine (it is throttled back) so it is developing much less heat.
In a descent, the plane's airspeed increases, simultaneously increasing the cooling rate of the engine.
As metals expand and contract under temperature changes, dimensional changes in the engine may exceed tolerance limits.
This position is supported by the fact twin engine planes commonly experience ideal conditions for shock cooling during simulated, single engine failures, yet statistically show no difference in wear or damage distribution between engines.
Equally, it has been pointed out the rate cylinder head temperatures drop off after a normal engine shutdown is often much faster than the usual rates deemed to present a shock cooling risk.
Furthermore, others believe damage usually associated with shock cooling is actually caused by rapid throttle changes where fuel, which has been supercooled during high-altitude flight, is introduced into a very hot engine cylinder during descent, where rich of peak (as opposed to lean of peak) operation is considered the norm, thus causing higher operating temperatures.
It is well established, high operating temperatures in of themselves, can contribute to excessive component wear and damage, which is typically associated with "shock cooling".
Given the available data, it strongly suggests "shock cooling" is nothing but a myth, at least in the context as commonly explained.
Usually a simple analog gauge or a more advanced graphical bar-graph display(see external links below for an image) is used to present information to pilots.
Spoilers on the wings or thrust reversal may also be deployed to lose lift without having to reduce engine power substantially, slowing the rate of engine cooling.
Little did not have any spasticity himself, but he suffered childhood poliomyelitis with residual left lower-extremity paraparesis, complicated by severe talipes.
This undoubtedly sparked his special interest in lower-extremity mobility impairments, as well as his medical-orthopedic inclinations more generally.
Little was one of the first to bridge the gap between neurology and orthopaedics, and his important work continues to impact both of these fields, including the fact of continually-increasing cooperation between orthopaedic surgeons and neurosurgeons in today's management of spastic cerebral palsy and similar neuromuscular disabilities.
It hosts various exhibitions and art collections of famous artists, sculptors and different civilisations.
The famous architect conceptualised a harmony of facades giving the buildings a distinctive character.
Never flashy, never showy, this is just outstanding music performed by a true master".
In computer networking, multicast is group communication where data transmission is addressed to a group of destination computers simultaneously.
Multicast should not be confused with physical layer point-to-multipoint communication.
Group communication may either be application layer multicast or network assisted multicast, where the latter makes it possible for the source to efficiently send to the group in a single transmission.
Copies are automatically created in other network elements, such as routers, switches and cellular network base stations, but only to network segments that currently contain members of the group.
Multicast uses network infrastructure efficiently by requiring the source to send a packet only once, even if it needs to be delivered to a large number of receivers.
The nodes in the network take care of replicating the packet to reach multiple receivers only when necessary.
Take presence information as an example where each person needs to keep at least one tree of its subscribers, if not several.
Some peer-to-peer technologies employ the multicast concept when distributing content to multiple recipients, known as peercasting.
However, the communication service provided may be unicast, multicast as well as broadcast, depending on if the data is addressed to one, to a group or to all receivers in the covered network, respectively.
In this case, data is broadcast (or distributed) to all receivers, but only addressed to a specific group.
Scalable video multicast in an application of interactive multicast, where a subset of the viewers receive additional data for high-resolution video.
The most straight forward approach to protect a multicast tree is to establish a link-disjoint backup tree which establishes dedicated protection.
It is much easier to find an arc-disjoint path for each leaf node in a light tree.
The essence of protecting a multicast session is to find a backup path for each destination node when a link on the working path to that node fails.
Each team played a home and away game against all opponents in the group.
The first two ranked teams advance to the main round where the same format was used to determine the final four participants.
A total of sixteen teams were concerned in the process, to be divided into four pots of four.
Clubs from the same pot or the same association could not be drawn into the same group.
A total of eight teams were concerned in the process, to be divided into two pots of four.
Clubs from the same pot or group could not be drawn into the same group.
In their absence, a number of other local officials and clerics were arrested on suspicion of involvement in the conspiracy.
Eventually, the prisoners filed a petition requesting to either be released or killed; they were instead shackled and given sentences of manual labor on public construction projects.
However the club was not able to gain promotion as the clubs facilities did not fulfill the leagues requirements.
Two seasons later, the club was then relegated to division two as a result of its ground not meeting the necessary requirements again.
His research interests are in monetary economics and public policy, specifically the de-regulation of money markets and the usefulness (or not) of central banks.
Despite his objections, he found himself obliged to accept the heavy responsibilities of the position, to which he devoted himself zealously.
On trying again to lift the bier, it was found that the half facing the part given to the church was loose and could be moved, but the other half was as fast as ever.
The bier instantly became so light that it could be lifted and carried without any trouble to its final destination.
He was often depicted laughing, with his mouth wide open, therefore he was invoked against toothache.
He is also invoked against bad weather (but also for rain), sterility and imprisonment.
He is patron saint of vineyards, brewers, captives and prisoners, the mentally ill, and peasants.
This is how he was most commonly depicted, and is why he is associated with weather, good or bad, and why he is held to protect those who work in the open air.
Then she goes to receive a bouquet of roses from the mayor, who also presents her with two arrows, two tennis balls and a whistle.
She blows the whistle three times and throws nuts to the assembled crowd.
The procession is followed by a fair with rides, stalls and fireworks.
Since then, it has slowly deteriorated while serving as an apartment housing.
He studies and writes about the emotional toll of being a racialized minority in a white supremacist nation and the impact it has on physical and mental well being.
He has written widely from urban street culture to pop culture.
The book argues that racism remains a significant problem for transracial adoptees.
She was experiencing severe personal problems at the time and the director felt a supportive work environment would help her get through them.
But they are much better than child actors for the parts.
The philosophy of his film was that retarded children are separate and alone and therefore should be in institutions with others of their kind.
My film said that retarded children could be anywhere, any time, and that the problem is that we're a bunch of dopes, that it's our problem more than the kids'.
The change comes in the new direction in the back-to-basics change to the season, he said viewers will relate more to the characters who are big on spirit but small on skills when the show returns later this year.
The hiking register is reached within a couple of dozen yards of leaving the trailhead.
A moderate climb following red trail markers leads through woodland on a mostly bedrock trail.
Following this brief gentle section the trail steepens and continues mostly on bedrock to the summit.
It is noted for extending easy credit and for enabling payment of purchases via twice-monthly installments.
One year later, the committee's decision was reversed and the players were reinstated.
The six oak leaves above the star symbolise strength, endurance and traditions.
The circle form of the crest symbolises infinity and eternity.
In previous years, black was also used, mainly for away or third kits.
The kits were sample and they were with a different outfit and a different spot where the team badge was placed.
If several games have occurred within one rating period, the method treats them as having happened simultaneously.
The rating period may be as long as several months or as short as a few minutes, according to how frequently games are arranged.
It can be derived from a thorough data analysis, or estimated by considering the length of time that would have to pass before a player's rating deviation would grow to that of an unrated player.
The vessel was turned and pushed further onto the reef by wave action.
It was originally planned to cut the hull into three pieces, but the stern section had to be cut in half again.
The modification added no additional sleeping space, but did provide for separate head facilities for female crew members.
The extent of any damage to the reef was unknown, but there was no evidence that there was a fuel oil leak.
The second night aground the ship shifted and began taking heavy persistent seas to her port side.
However, significant errors by the crew and commanding officers were also reported, including that they should have noted the inaccuracies in comparison to other charts.
Immediately above the confluence is a modified channel that was designed to allow encroachment by residential development.
Substantial energy dissipation is achieved by the willows and cattails that choke the creek in this reach.
The sides are partially armored with asphalt to achieve stabilization of the unnatural slope and to minimize scouring and erosion.
Layering of soils and gravels brought in from higher elevations has resulted to form the streambed.
There is virtually no public access to the creek or reservoir in the upper reach.
He was pursued by his mother, but by the time she caught up with him, he had already signed up.
He had initially signed up on a short service commission and wanted to transfer to a regular commission.
He had two daughters from his first marriage and two daughters and a son from his second marriage.
The local council discussed transforming the racecourse into a municipal airport.
There were no surface treatment or buildings at any of these sites.
The deposits preserve a transitional river or stream environments near the coast and preserves fossils of a mangrove forest ecosystem.
The ocellar field is shallow and triangular in shape with three ocelli, and is positioned just to the rear of the antennae.
Two grooved possible sensory canals are present in the field, one connecting the rear and front ocelli, the other connecting the middle ocelli to the antenna socket.
The antennae have a total of eight antennomeres that vary in length.
Peter is big, purple, and friendly, dressed in a safari jacket and hat.
In it, he is a sexually charged hippo and a lazy, sleazy (and inexplicably successful) lawyer who is forever obsessed with strippers and sandwiches.
It involved arranging of flags of the countries they had visited.
It was a notable election as all four presidential and vice-presidential candidates would ultimately lose a presidential election.
It took most of that night and the following morning to determine the winner.
This law also seems plausible for software systems; as a system is modified, its disorder, or entropy, tends to increase.
The process of code refactoring can result in stepwise reductions in software entropy.
Software entropy is increased with accumulation of technical debt .
The brothers were to have an hour's meditation daily if possible.
The community also took a summer retreat of four weeks, later reduced to a fortnight.
As a religious founder, he concentrated on essentials, among which he advised life-vows (taken with precautions as to maturity); regular confession; choir office, prayer and meditation; and priestly ministry.
Benson fully recognised his bishop's authority over the community's priests, who were clergy of the diocese, but not as extending to their private life together.
During his last years, he was wheeled in a chair to receive communion every morning.
His influence as a teacher and as a researcher was widespread.
Here he continued research on metal coordination compounds and began his important work on optical activity of metal complexes.
The name of the trio is made up of the initials (first letter of given name and surname) of the original duo.
It is a liquid crystal material forming cholesteric liquid crystals with helical structure.
It can be used with cholesteryl nonanoate and cholesteryl oleyl carbonate in some thermochromic liquid crystals.
It is used in some hair colors, make-ups, and some other cosmetic preparations.
It can be also used as a component of the liquid crystals used for liquid crystal displays.
Cholesteryl benzoate was the first material in which liquid crystal properties were discovered.
Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it.
Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
Its wooden hull provided the founding model for all subsequent outrigger canoeing hulls, including those later molded from fiberglass.
Lighter and more streamlined canoes continued to evolve in the following decades as common fishing canoe designs were adapted for racing purposes.
From this mold, and the hulls that came from it, other molds were made.
London developed the automated blood pressure machine after having to spend time on multiple occasions fumbling to take a patient's blood pressure by hand.
He created the original prototype of his patented device using an old blood pressure cuff, a column of mercury, a pump from a fish tank and a microphone.
Although this attempt failed, it was a sign of problems to come.
This was to become an entrenched battle in which both sides spent a lot of time digging themselves into positions.
Humayun once again made some tactical errors, and his army was soundly defeated.
Their rations were low, and they had little to eat; even drinking water was a major problem in the desert.
Humayun was later to describe this incident as the lowest point in his life.
This was to be a definitive schism in the family.
Upon entering the city his army was greeted with an armed escort, and they were treated to lavish food and clothing.
They were given fine accommodations and the roads were cleared and cleaned before them.
They also held another, larger, feast in the child's honour when he was circumcised.
When the enemy followed after them they were surprised by entrenched defensive positions and were easily annihilated.
He was also now an established leader and could trust his generals.
He tumbled through his life and tumbled out of it".
It was his habit, wherever he heard the summons, to bow his knee in holy reverence.
Trying to kneel, he caught his foot in his robe, tumbled down several steps and hit his temple on a rugged stone edge.
Participants from diverse cultural backgrounds came together to create a transnational learning community designed to develop their intercultural competence.
Postgraduate students had a variety of options to either earn postgraduate certificates or continue their studies onshore to earn postgraduate degrees.
As a result, students learned from local experts and successful practitioners who shared their knowledge, opinions and insights into each region's culture.
There was also time for personal exploration, leisure and recreation.
On board, students were immersed in a multicultural living environment.
The goal was for the international student body, faculty and staff to form a learning community.
This transnational learning community integrated academic, cultural, and social experiences into the program in a way that sought to enhance personal and professional development.
Students spent time learning about local tribal culture, economic and industrial growth.
It is designated for exclusive use by shipmates of specific voyages.
Alumni can also choose to join an online community called interculture.
Efforts are underway to re-organize the program and raise the necessary funds to launch future voyages.
Callender eventually got back into minstrelsy with new black troupes and stakes in others.
On one of his runs, he tore his spleen, and had he not gotten to a hospital within five minutes, he would have died.
It synthesizes and shows accurately controlled visual and auditory stimuli and interacts with the observer.
It has at least twelve thousand active users, an active forum, and many citations.
It is considered to be an honorific styling, and it is only used for living people.
A minimum five years' service as a member of the executive council and/or as a presiding officer is a prerequisite.
A member or senator may have the style if they have acquired it separately, e.g.
This is a parliamentary courtesy and does not imply any right to the style.
Also, provincial premiers and federal opposition leaders are sometimes made privy councillors.
It is a norm to address judges of superior judiciary as honourabe judges.
Additionally, a maid of honour is styled with this prefix for life.
Some people are entitled to the prefix by virtue of their offices.
When members are ordained clergy they will instead be referred to as the honourable and reverend member, with a barrister called the honourable and learned member and serving or ex-serving members of the military (formerly less of a rarity than today) being styled the honourable and gallant member.
The "t" in "the" is not capitalized in the middle of a sentence.
There is also no universal rule for whether city officials other than the mayor (such as city council, board of aldermen, board of selectmen, planning and zoning commission members, and code enforcement board members, or city manager or police chief or fire chief) are given the title; local practices vary.
It should never, however, based on the rules of etiquette, be used for persons who are deceased.
The baronetcy was created with remainder, failing male issue of the body of the grantee, to the other heirs male of the body of his mother.
Miller pointedly observed that not a single person was charged with fraud, no specific act of fraud was stated, and no legal wrongs asserted.
There was nothing in the debates to ever suggest that, he wrote.
These conditions had not been met by the time of admission, and thus no transfer could be constitutionally made.
Kansas, too, went through a highly irregular statehood process marked by violence, mass meetings masquerading as legislative assemblies, and allegations of vote fraud, but it was also admitted to the union.
This proved unsuccessful, further depressing the share value of the company.
The building was meant to be used as a railroad hotel so passengers and rail employees would not have to travel the six to eight blocks to the hotels downtown.
He could not stay at the other hotel's in town because of his race.
By that time it was largely used as a rooming house, and it was used to house the homeless.
It had been vacant for five years at that time.
A web version of the exhibition remains as an archive.
Its major sections include regional plants (with a strong collection of beach grass and reed plants), apple trees, crops, and an extensive collection of wild herbs and weeds from fields and vineyards.
It is the primary means by which high-voltage transmission lines are reserved for moving wholesale quantities of electricity.
At first, utility companies generally served their own system load demand by building local power generation facilities within their systems.
Social, economic, and ecological influences later led to new arrangements where a utility company might enter into long-term power purchase or sale agreements with neighboring utility companies, or locate new generation facilities outside of their system and enter into long-term agreements for transmission rights to deliver that energy to their own system.
In the short-term world of day-to-day operations, utility companies would agree to "preschedule" (day ahead) or "real time" (same day or next hour) energy transactions with adjacent companies to supplement their own generation asset capabilities.
On a day-to-day or day-ahead operational level these functions might be performed by three or more people at large utilities, but might be combined into a single employee's job at a small utility.
The size of the back office support for each function varies greatly depending upon the size of the utility.
As load demands increase or new generation assets come online in their systems, they upgrade existing facilities or construct new transmission corridors to maintain the reliable delivery of energy.
These resources can be procured through the generation group, or through purchases and sales with other companies.
In some cases they might even have their own generation assets as well.
If they chose to use their supplier's generation instead of their own, they might also be required to pay a fee for the transmission to deliver it, since that transmission might be built specifically to serve their needs.
Fees for services provided by the transmission group were defined in a pro forma tariff, a document the transmission group supplied that detailed requirements and responsibilities for the purchaser and provider, and definitions and costs of the types of transmission services available.
The act's intent was to allow large customers (and in theory, every customer) to choose their electricity supplier and subsequently pay for the transmission to deliver it from the generation to serve their load.
Similarly, financial trading interests and existing energy companies (outside of electricity) saw the opportunities in the emerging electricity market and began to organize unaffiliated power marketing divisions.
With open access, anyone with the proper resources and/or creditworthiness could purchase the rights to generation, move it across the transmission network (provided adequate capacity was available), and deliver it to a place of higher demand.
The complaints generally followed the same theme: vertically integrated electric utility companies would favor their own affiliated power marketing division over external parties trying to move power on the system.
In many cases, the power marketers operated side by side with the transmission operators (or it might even be the same person) and there were no rules to prevent unfair treatment of external transmission system users.
There are also market observers who have read-only access, who may view activity but not request services.
Transmission facilities have power transfer limits that must be maintained to allow the power grid to operate reliably.
Some transmission buyers are willing to pay higher rates to avoid having their transactions curtailed, and as such transmission companies offer different priorities of transmission service at varying rates.
Daily non-firm is a slightly higher priority (because the buyer committed to purchasing all day), and increments go up from there to weekly, monthly, seasonally, yearly, or longer with the cost for each also rising incrementally.
A result of the long distance electricity transactions being scheduled was the impact of "loop flows" caused by energy flowing on these alternate paths.
This resulted in a loss of revenue and still did not always solve the overloading problems.
This let them determine which schedules should be curtailed to relieve loading on transmission systems.
The climbing habit evolved from this basic power of movement.
Darwin in his conclusion explores the reasons for why these adaptations might have taken place, in what ways they may have been advantageous.
For instance, an increased ability to hold on to support (by twining) will be beneficial in windy environments.
In tall and dense forests, twining plants would probably succeed better with minor expenditure of organic matter.
Marine captains regularly gave small gifts to indigenous merchants as a means to encourage commercial transactions.
Those goods will not be sold, but given to you.
Whitman balked at his demands and refused to fulfill the agreement, insisting that the land had been granted to him free of charge.
Umtippe returned the following winter to again demand payment, along with medical attention for his sick wife.
You had promised to pay me every year, and you have given me nothing.
He demanded payment for the lumber and firewood gathered by the missionaries.
Whitman claimed that the farmland was specifically for the mission and not for roving horses.
He also needed machinery to use in a grist mill to process any wheat produced.
She died later from a volley of gunshots after she had been coaxed to leave the house.
The verdict was controversial because some observers believed that witnesses called to testify had not been present at the killings.
It was produced as a theatrical spectacle that was allegorical in nature and spoke to prevalent social themes of the frontier period, such as manifest destiny.
These commonalities include a large number of actor/participants, multiple stage/tableaux settings, and the propagation of ideological concerns.
He attended a number of military courses both at home and abroad.
Their torments were of many and various kinds, difficult to describe and difficult to believe.
Men were hung from the walls of their own howses....others...plunged into the bed of the river....everywhere throughout the town there were groanss and various kinds of deaths".
Nucleon spin structure describes the partonic structure of nucleon (proton and neutron) intrinsic angular momentum (spin).
This finding astonished particle physicists at that time, and the problem of where the missing spin lies is sometimes referred to as the proton spin crisis.
A major topic of modern particle physics is to find the missing angular momentum, which is believed to be carried either by gluon spin, or by gluon and quark orbital angular momentum.
It was later revealed that the government had removed his body and taken it to an undisclosed location in an attempt to crack down on the protests.
Starting in the mail room, he was later promoted to legislative assistant and then chief of staff.
He held the role of managing director at the firm, which offers public affairs services including lobbying.
In her teens, she dropped out of school and worked at a shoe factory in order to provide income for her large family.
In the later part of her career, she appeared in film and on television, but she is most remembered for her work on stage.
After graduating from high school, he joined various university programs but he had to quit for economic reasons.
He is known for his charity concerts and his environmentalism.
Sixteen councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in sixteen wards, while the remaining sixteen are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received.
These and previous works on this topic have been cited in papers on subjects such as perceptual psychology and human geography.
Two years later, he designed the first research of its type to investigate the cultural and social factors affecting blind adults and school children using visual programming languages.
He is also currently involved in an international project investigating the use of mobile technologies as a tool of inclusion for disabled people in museum environments.
Most of these events went on to form an important part in his ideals and his way of thinking.
Brown was also involved in the student disturbances which spread throughout the university, by participating in the protest and picket lines.
Brown's personal life started to suffer because of his political beliefs.
He got into trouble with the police, his father and brother didn't want anything to do with him and he was fired from his job in the university.
Well, one has to obey the law of one's country if one counts on being treated according to the law.
Focus in the program is placed on methods for calculating general electronic structures in molecular systems in both ground and excited states.
This colourless solid compound is used as an oxo transfer reagent in research laboratories examining organic and coordination chemistry.
It epoxidizes certain alkenes and converts some metal complexes into the corresponding oxo derivatives.
Although it is an oxidant, it is also mildly nucleophilic.
Fox offers a wide variety of academic courses and programs at all levels.
Creating community is always a focus with dynamic leadership courses and initiatives to build connections in and out of our building.
Also driving the cooperatives to action was discriminatory credit practices practiced by the largest regional grocery and hard goods wholesaler, who restricted the extension of credit to the cooperatives at the behest of the privately-owned retailers who were competing with them.
In this way bookkeeping and purchasing operations could be consolidated and streamlined and the learning curve shortened for the administrators of new cooperative shops.
This represented the second greatest product in terms of sales for the cooperative.
The publication included news and photographs of the cooperative and socialist movements, advertisements about new products introduced for sale through member stores, as well as poems and short stories.
He also became involved in private businesses, such as fattening beef cattle.
Upon their arrival in the north, it was immediately obvious to most settlers that the tropical climate was inimical to sheep and many settlers left immediately.
Most pearling vessels employed local indigenous divers, for payment in staple foods and other commodities (e.g.
This led to competition amongst settlers to recruit and retain indigenous workers.
While pastoralists attempted to retain employees on sheep stations, it is also alleged (conversely) that pearlers sometimes abandoned indigenous crew members far from their traditional lands.
This emerged in various forms, such as the appropriation of livestock and staple foods like flour, and armed conflict.
An increasing number of indigenous people were charged, with offences such as theft.
It was just a good rockin' song, our attempt at writing a classic ...
When we were just playing, that was the kind of thing we used to like to play.
The song has shown up multiple times in the series and at times is a significant part of the storyline.
Army engineering maintenance consists of those engineers, technicians, and military organizations responsible for the expert repair and maintenance of army vehicles, weapon systems, and other equipment.
Army engineering maintenance should not be confused with military engineering which is distinctly separate and analogous to civil engineering while the former analogous to mechanical engineering and electrical engineering.
At this level, it includes work such as the design, development, and testing of new vehicles and weapon systems.
It also includes lifecycle management activities once new systems become operational.
He specializes in macrophotography of unusual and little-known plants and animals.
Although primarily a botanist, he has once again focused his attention on ant diversity, his childhood passion.
Movement disorders are clinical syndromes with either an excess of movement or a paucity of voluntary and involuntary movements, unrelated to weakness or spasticity.
Movement disorders are synonymous with basal ganglia or extrapyramidal diseases.
Movement disorders are conventionally divided into two major categories- hyperkinetic and hypokinetic.
Hyperkinetic movement disorders refer to dyskinesia, or excessive, often repetitive, involuntary movements that intrude upon the normal flow of motor activity.
Hypokinetic movement disorders refer to akinesia (lack of movement), hypokinesia (reduced amplitude of movements), bradykinesia (slow movement) and rigidity.
In primary movement disorders, the abnormal movement is the primary manifestation of the disorder.
In secondary movement disorders, the abnormal movement is a manifestation of another systemic or neurological disorder.
Movement disorders have been known to be associated with a variety of autoimmune diseases.
Various exhibits are shown, and stock footage is usually seen through large windows or other depressions in the wall.
The book series and the show share a striking visual style making notable use of the color white.
When the series was released on video, episodes from the first two seasons featured brief behind-the-scenes clips after the main program.
Retroperistalsis is the reverse of the involuntary smooth muscle contractions of peristalsis.
Local irritation of the stomach, such as bacteria or food poisoning, activates the emetic center of the brain which in turn signals an imminent vomiting reflex.
Food then moves in the opposite direction, often from the duodenum into the stomach.
Retroperistalsis occurs pathologically during vomiting and physiologically at first part of duodenum where it protects from high acidity of food, and also at terminal ileum, where an amount of water and electrolyte is absorbed to assist defecation.
Peristalsis is the wormlike movement by which the alimentary canal or other tubular organs with both longitudinal and circular muscle fibers propel their contents, consisting of a wave of contraction passing along the tube.
Increased peristalsis means faster movement of ingesta through the gut and less absorption of fluid, both tending to diarrhea.
Reduced peristalsis means a longer alimentary sojourn, greater inspissation of ingesta and a tendency to constipation.
Peristalsis, involuntary movements of the longitudinal and circular muscles, primarily in the digestive tract but occasionally in other hollow tubes of the body, that occur in progressive wavelike contractions.
The waves can be short, local reflexes or long, continuous contractions that travel the whole length of the organ, depending upon their location and what initiates their action.
In the esophagus, peristaltic waves begin at the upper portion of the tube and travel the whole length, pushing food ahead of the wave into the stomach.
Particles of food left behind in the esophagus initiate secondary peristaltic waves that remove leftover substances.
One wave travels the full length of the tube in about nine seconds.
The peristaltic-wave contractions in the esophagus of humans are weak compared with those of most other mammals.
In cud-chewing animals, such as cows, reverse peristalsis can occur so that the food is brought back from the stomach to the mouth for rechewing.
The presence of fat in a meal can completely stop these movements for a short period until it is diluted with gastric juices or removed from the stomach.
Peristaltic waves start as weak contractions at the beginning of the stomach and progressively become stronger as they near the distal stomach regions.
The waves help to mix the stomach contents and propel food to the small intestine.
Usually, two to three waves are present at one time in different regions of the stomach, and about three waves occur each minute.
In the small intestine, local stimulation of the intestinal smooth muscle by the presence of food particles causes contractions that tend to travel from the stimulated point in both directions.
Under normal circumstances, the progress of the contractions in an oral direction is quickly inhibited, while the contractions travelling away from the mouth tend to persist.
If the intestine is paralyzed by applying such drugs as nicotine or cocaine to the intestinal wall, the contractions initiated by local stimulations travel equally well in both directions.
Ordinarily, peristaltic waves appear in the small intestine at irregular intervals and travel for varying distances; some travel only a few inches, others a few feet.
They serve to expose food to the intestinal wall for absorption and to move it forward.
In the large intestine (or colon), the peristaltic wave, or mass movement, is continuous and progressive; it advances steadily toward the anal end of the tract, pushing waste material in front of the wave.
When these movements are vigorous enough to pass fecal masses into the rectum, they are followed by the desire to defecate.
If feces are passed to the rectum and not evacuated from the body, they are returned to the last segment of the colon for longer storage by reverse peristaltic waves.
Peristaltic waves are particularly important in helping to remove gas from the large intestine and in controlling bacterial growth by mechanically acting as a cleansing agent that dislodges and removes potential colonies of bacteria.
It is a notoriously dangerous road, and the rusted chassis of cars that have gone over the side can still be seen.
Segments that remain unconstructed or have been relinquished to local control may be omitted.
The numbers reset at county lines; the start and end postmiles in each county are given in the county column.
The couple's relationship is shown to be on the rocks as the girl calls the boy to meet up but then pushes him away.
They go throughout their day before the party spending time with the band members and try to be together.
At the party, the boyfriend is approached by another girl who flirts with him and holds him hand.
The girlfriend becomes distraught but reunites in an embrace with her boyfriend as the party-goers all sit around a fire pit.
The videos ends with the lovers kissing and taking a picture of themselves on a cellphone and all the people at the party are rushing out the living room, knocking over a couch, and leaving a record spinning.
Together they developed a musical concept based on the combination of improvisation and abstraction.
She disguised her sex by wearing a bulky hooded costume and a mask.
Due to facial disfigurement, she wears a ceramic mask over the left side of her face.
Apart from one small concrete bridge, there were no significant engineering structures.
The forewings are pale grey with a yellowish tinge and the hindwings are slightly paler light grey, also with a yellowish tinge.
There is a passenger saloon with seats, tables, toilets, vending machines and a children's play area.
It is a climbing, coiling and trailing vine with large tuberous roots.
Leaves are trifoliate and alternate, while the leaflets are egg-shaped, with round base and unequal sides.
The tubers are not disturbed from the plant, but the agents draw the juice of the tuber using syringes.
The ramparts seem to have been built and rebuilt in three phases.
Shown a horn and a sword, in confusion the dealer blows the horn: the men begin to awake and a loud voice indicates that he has been proved a coward for not seizing the sword first.
A whirlwind ejects him from the chamber and outside he tells his story to some shepherds before dropping dead of exhaustion.
Stairs, escalators, as well as an elevator provide access down to the centre-loading platform.
Bystanders helped him stay conscious until paramedics arrived and free his injured left arm.
The accompanying site used a novel navigational tool which presented each item in the broadcast as an element in a timeline view.
In the first passage he is called an outcast by the orator.
Skiers and snowboarders are divided by gender and age group to compete for gold, silver, and bronze medals in each category.
In addition to the race, prizes are given away throughout the day at a mountain for various reasons.
On the day of the event, participants fill out registration forms to sign up for the race in a certain category and receive a racing bib with a number on it.
After registering, skiers and snowboarders can later begin racing on the trail where the racecourse is set up.
This trail is usually rated green (easier) or blue (more difficult) so racers of all abilities can participate.
The line for the race builds early, as well, as some prefer to race with more snow on the course rather than slipping on ice which develops later.
Usually there are two courses, red and green, set up next to each other to keep the line moving quickly, but when there is not enough room, one course with alternating red and green flags is used.
Small prizes such as jackets, shirts, or sweatshirts are given away to the top finishers in these games.
When racing is over, the results are tabulated for each category of racer so awards can be given out.
After several prizes are raffled off according to these tickets, many of the other prizes are given away by racing bib number or the awards are given away.
Sometimes, all of the other prizes are saved until after the awards, as many people want to receive their awards and leave, therefore giving better odds to win for the people who stay because one has to be there to win.
First place receives a gold medal, second gets silver, and bronze goes to third.
Everybody who receives an award qualifies to go to the finals to race again at the end of the season.
As the events go on throughout the season, fourth place or worse finishers can qualify if a person ahead of them on that day has already qualified for the finals.
The children who receive this award generally do not place high enough for a medal in their category unless there are not enough other competitors to beat them.
Two other awards that are given separate from the medals are the skier and snowboarder trophies.
These are a couple of carved, bronze-colored trophies with the appropriate athlete on them for who receives each one.
A cannon is any large tubular firearm designed to fire a heavy projectile over a long distance.
Round shot and grapeshot were the early projectiles used in cannon.
The most accurate projectile that could be fired by a smooth-bore cannon, used to batter the wooden hulls of opposing ships, forts, or fixed emplacements, and as a long-range anti-personnel weapon.
Two-headed bullets (angels) were similar but made of two halves of a ball rather than two balls.
A powder train in a thin iron sleeve led to a time fuse inserted into a holder at the outer edge or the projectile.
The fuse was designed to be ignited by flame from the propellant charge.
Ideally the case shot fuse would detonate the central bursting charge when the projectile was six to ten feet above the heads of enemy infantry thereby showering them with the iron balls and fragments of the casing.
So called because of the resemblance of the clustered shot in the bag to a cluster of grapes on the vine.
In one variation of this, the shot was held together by a coiled bar, and was spread by a fused charge in the same way as a shell.
It was very effective against infantry, but its main shortcomings included very short range and ineffectiveness against infantry who had taken cover.
Grapeshot was the starting point for the creation of shrapnel.
It was constructed of an iron frame bound with sack cloth and filled with various ingredients such as pitch, antimony, sulfur, saltpeter, tallow and venetian turpentine.
It was ignited by the cannon's propellant charge, bursting on impact with the target and releasing noxious fumes while setting fire to its surroundings.
It was effectively an early chemical weapon as well as an incendiary and area denial weapon.
The name is possibly a reference to the medieval practice of hurling dead animals from trebuchet as a form of biological warfare, or to the projectile's superficial resemblance to a human carcass.
This was a much advocated tactic (and many times a very successful one) for shore-based forts defending against attacks by wooden warships.
The adoption by most navies of iron-hulled ships generally made these obsolete.
The shot was carried on a specially designed iron barrow or two-man litter and, in the era of black-powder cannon charges contained in cloth bags, occasioned much fanfare and notice as it was conveyed to the cannon muzzle as the red-hot projectile would easily ignite any carelessly handled loose powder.
It was not often used, despite its effectiveness against small ships and morale.
Before construction began, local residents shot down the proposition and the project was never completed.
The original design was to consist of the excavation for the radar and an underground power plant.
This sign is often ignored and has become obstructed and defaced.
Each club that will participate in the final will receive the same quota of tickets.
The tickets were distributed to the public via each club, as well as the each club's league association.
It is now generally believed to be a member of that galaxy.
In queueing theory, a discipline within the mathematical theory of probability, traffic equations are equations that describe the mean arrival rate of traffic, allowing the arrival rates at individual nodes to be determined.
Erythradenia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
The hackle is a clipped feather plume that is attached to a military headdress.
The colour of the hackle varies from regiment to regiment.
She is primarily known because she made a number of donations to churches and monasteries.
Towards the end of her life, she retired to a monastery.
Some authorities think this a good description of a lammergeier; others do not.
Aegypius is the eponym of the species, whatever it was.
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically those transferring aryl or alkyl groups other than methyl groups.
They were also all laid down as escort carriers and not converted merchant ships.
Fuel-thirsty vehicles built for rugged off-road were on the market.
The cars were built using aluminized trim screws, plastic inner fender liners, galvanized steel in every exterior body panel, and the body went through an epoxy-based primer bath (up to the window line).
The optional automatic transmission received wider gear ratios for better fuel economy.
The system put the front axle and prop shaft into the gas-saving freewheeling mode from the driver's seat.
All were measures to save production costs by pruning the slow-selling models from the line, thereby streamlining their processes by reducing production variations, and therefore, complexity.
The grille header bar and hood ornament/trim strip were deleted in the process.
A new key-fob-activated infrared remote keyless system with power locks was newly available as an option.
The standard powertrain was now the previously optional five-speed manual, with the wide-ratio three-speed automatic still available as a popular option.
The automatic transmission no longer had a lockup torque converter.
The front portion of the roof was a removable lightweight fiberglass hatch, while the rear section of polyvinyl material and the back window folded down and had a boot cover when in the down position.
Henderson was blocked and had to help clear the car from the road before he could continue.
The brand included vehicles from different companies with various characteristics that included economy, sportiness, and luxury.
Doogan, the innocent party, gave evidence as witness, while the estranged legal husband appeared simply to confirm his identity and their own marriage.
He claims to hold the world record for sleep deprivation.
This is in line with other researchers who have found that sleep deprivation produces hallucinations and states of altered consciousness.
The major function of the base was the establishment of a radio operator training facility.
The base was also a logistical supply center and its grid of streets now make up a distinct industrial area just south of the present day airport.
Work has also commenced on an onsite hotel to be attached to the north end of the current terminal building.
Future short and long term projects envisioned for the airport include construction of additional holding aprons for aircraft at the end of each runway, continued pavement rehabilitation, completion of a west side access road, continued improvements to airport parking, a new control tower, new landing and updated navigational aids for all runways, additional land easements for flood control, runway safety zones, conservation efforts, an additional baggage carousel, a parking ramp and a new concourse.
His performances then improved, allowing him to become the first-choice keeper.
Nonetheless, his club were relegated at the end of the season.
She wrote extensively for magazines and for the public press, and was also the author of many dramas, lyric poems, operettas, stories for the young, and essays.
She wrote extensively for magazines and for the public press.
She was also the author of many dramas, lyric poems and operettas, as well as stories for the young and essays.
Several of her paintings commanded attention from connoisseurs of art.
He was a surgeon and brevet colonel, as well as professor of gynecology and abdominal surgery.
It occurs in the body as a very long-lasting metabolite and prohormone of estradiol.
In addition, estradiol palmitate was formerly used as a fattening agent in chickens.
Parliament also provided a special grandfather clause allowing those works already published before the statute to enjoy twenty-one years of protection.
They attempted to secure a ruling that there was a natural or customary right to ownership of the copyright under the common law.
The journal states that the judges answered this question in the negative with a vote of seven to four.
For a time, some scholars believed that the tally in the journal was incorrect, and that a majority of the judges had opined that a common-law copyright was not "taken away" by the statute.
But those scholars now appear to acknowledge, in light of newly discovered evidence, that the journal reported this tally correctly.
As with question three, scholars previously believed that this tally was also incorrectly reported, but the journal tally has since been rehabilitated.
As a result, works would fall into the public domain after their copyright terms expired.
These cavalry forces range from light horse archers to heavy plated cavalry.
In this tactical manoeuvre the horsemen would make a feigned retreat and progress away from the pursuing enemy while turning his upper body and shooting backwards at the pursuer, guiding his horse with his voice and the pressure of his legs.
Frederick used his hussars for reconnaissance duties and for surprise attacks against the enemy's flanks and rear.
The main purpose of the system is the detection and intervention in possible epidemics.
It also enables surveillance data to be collected that can help in planning ways to prevent future outbreaks.
Householders or general practitioners who failed to notify a case of one of these diseases was liable to a fine of up to forty shillings.
The attending doctor must notify the proper officers, who are usually public health clinicians called consultants in communicable disease control.
Spring was instructed to rebuild the abbey in a castle-like manner, so that it could serve as a defensive structure.
He lost his position as attorney-general for his handling of an attack on monopolies.
This prevented many hillsides, deemed inappropriate for other crops which are easier to grow on flat fields, from being converted to housing.
In-store wine tasting was also legalized, as were certain off-site special events hosted by wineries.
He made so much war that there was a shortage of milk and corn - according to one version, only a sack and a half.
Granule cell dispersion is one of the abnormal structural changes that has been shown in brains of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
It has also been shown in different animal models, such as the kainic acid model, pilocarpine model, and kindling model.
But granule cell dispersion was not found by using perforant pathway stimulation.
In a normal situation, the granule cells in dentate gyrus should be tightly packed.
But in granule cell dispersion, the compact formation was lost, and the axons need to extend longer to reach the neighboring granule cells.
It might be a consequence of a migration disorder, and the first hypothesis considers an initial injury that release toxin(s) that affect the normal migration of granule cells.
The second hypothesis concerns the role of reelin (see below).
The projecting concrete ledges on the towers serve as both balconies and as awnings for the apartments below.
When they opened the saint's tomb, it was full of smoke and fire.
This staff was exhibited at the cloister's sacristy for centuries to come.
It was later a vacation home or hostel for visitors to the area.
While for most of its history it was a male monastery, it is currently a women's convent.
With the game played in the rain, both teams played a kicking game, punting the ball back and forth to gain advantage in field position.
Let us accept the fact that we were beaten, and record our intention of turning the tables next year.
One account described the playing surface as "a field of mud several inches deep.
Due to the inclement weather, the field had to be "carefully scraped and sawdust scattered over the thin layer of ice" before the game began.
Bloomingston received the ball, and, dodging the tacklers, who sought to bring him to the ground, ran back the entire length of the kick.
Not only his splendid coaching, but his quiet, gentlemanly, kindly manner, his forbearance, and his abstention from the use of language too strong for the public prints, all had their good effect upon the team.
This included velour seating and color coordinated sill to sill carpeting.
The first generation cars could be equipped with an "automatic" shoulder belt mounted to the door.
The idea was to always have the belt buckled thereby doing away with the requirement that the driver and passenger remember to buckle up.
Instead of a lap belt, the dashboard was designed with an integrated knee bar to prevent submarining underneath the shoulder belt.
Testers found the car handled precisely, although the lack of power steering contributed to heavy steering when parking.
The brakes worked well for a car of the day, but some brake fade was evident.
Reviews differed on noise levels, some found the car fairly quiet, while others thought the engine contributed to higher noise levels.
Critics found the seating comfortable, but noted that the rear seat lacked sufficient head room.
Most major controls and displays such as the speedometer and climate controls were well liked, but some secondary switches were not well placed or intuitive.
The aforementioned automatic seat belts in some markets that were attached to the door frame made it impossible to forget to buckle the belt, but it was difficult to enter the car with a package in hand.
Writers liked that the luggage space was generous, especially for a car of its size.
Additionally, numerous storage areas also gave practicality to the sedan.
The suspension setup was basically unchanged from the first generation, although refined slightly, for example by the inclusion of a separate subframe for mounting the front control arms to help noise isolation, as well as improved rubber mountings for all components.
The plant was heavily robotised in an effort to make build quality more consistent.
Notable on this particular car was that it also had the original muffler despite being located in an area subject to road salt in the winter.
Earlier models had the dubious distinction of having an especially high rate of radio theft.
Apparently, the mounting of the radio made it especially easy to remove quickly.
When the power supply to the radio was removed, it automatically went into "safe" mode.
When plugged back in, it would not work unless a secret code was entered.
This made it essentially useless to thieves, although provided a hassle to customers who misplaced their code card.
The dealership maintains a database of codes, and can replace a lost code if the radio serial number is provided.
For example, most models had things like a bigger engine, full console, door panel pockets, velour seating, and, later on, power steering, height adjustable steering column, and tachometer, standard.
Stiff shifting manual transmissions were a downside, and braking worked reasonably well although some brake fade was evident in the lower trim lines equipped with solid discs in front and drums in back.
Despite additional sound insulation, road noise was evident especially on coarse pavement.
The sport trim added larger wheels, a stiffer suspension, and closer ratios on the manual transmission.
A number of functions were computer controlled, such as the overdrive gear for its four-speed manual gearbox.
This included a new structure which now met worldwide crash standards.
Suspensions were an evolutionary rather than revolutionary refinement of the setup on previous editions, and mainly consisted of a wider track, and even maintaining backwards compatibility with older models.
Reviews were generally positive, with testers praising the crisp handling and comfortable ride, as well as a greater level of refinement compared with the previous generation.
However, some reviews noted that the more sporty suspension tuning found in some trims made the car bouncy, especially on the expressway.
The manual transmission shifted crisply; however, the automatic transmission reduced acceleration noticeably.
Some critics complained that the controls had some quirks, including a cryptic windshield wiper control, where the "off" position was unfittingly placed between the "intermittent" and "continuous" modes.
If equipped, power window controls had the unusual arrangement of the front buttons located on the door, while the rear buttons were located on the center console.
As with previous generations, the luggage compartment provided generous space.
In earlier build cars, the glove compartment was deleted if the car was equipped with dual airbags, and in the later models (when airbags became standard equipment), the glove compartment was small and could barely hold the owner's manual and a folding paper map.
There were also some complaints about the lack of cup holders in the earlier cars, as well as the lack of a safety interlock which would require the driver to press the clutch pedal prior to starting the car.
The catastrophe of this glitch can be avoided by removing leaves and debris that have accumulated below the windshield and by installing adhesive weather sealant linings underneath the plastic cover directly onto the windshield.
Owners argue that the diesel engine delivers superior towing performance compared to a gasoline engine.
The car was also offered as an estate/wagon (whose rear doors are also non-interchangeable with the others).
New on this generation were some advanced options such as rain sensor controlled windshield wipers and automatic climate control.
However, these were expensive extras and many buyers did not specify them on their cars; as a result the used market has many sparsely equipped models.
The purpose of the high pressure is to promote fine atomisation of the fuel which supports more complete combustion.
To reduce noise, the engine employs a "pilot injection" system which injects a small amount of fuel prior to the main injection.
Serious damage to the engine, particularly the camshaft and injectors will result if oil not meeting this standard is used.
The car was built using such advanced processes as highly mechanised presses, improved measuring techniques, and laser welding of the roof.
In crash tests, the fourth generation car received very good marks.
Injury, collision, and theft losses were low for a car of its class.
The car was praised for its adequate handling as well as a moderately comfortable ride.
Some complaints were made that the back seats lacked adequate room for two adults.
The interior was praised for the high level of fit, but is quite bland, sparsely equipped, and uninspiring.
The recirculation mode cannot be turned on when air is vented to the windshield, and if the driver changes the climate control to vent air to the windshield, an internal mechanism would turn off the recirculation mode.
The power outlet is recessed next to the ash tray and is covered with two flaps, one of which is shared with the ash tray.
Retractable cup holders were placed directly above the stereo, obscuring vision of the stereo display and allowing beverages to spill on the stereo, gear selector, and other sensitive components during erratic vehicle movements.
The flimsy plastic construction of the retractable cup holder is likely to fail with normal use.
Rear passengers have a pair of retractable cup holders located under the cylindrical ash tray on the center console.
The driver must raise the arm rest to access the center cup holder, and a large beverage occupying the front cup holder obstructs the driver's ability to pull the hand brake.
European cars were given a redesigned retractable cup holder in front.
Drivers complained that the front bumper cover does not have adequate ground clearance to clear a curb in a parking space.
The earlier models have a few quality control issues, as a number of owners reported windows falling into the doors, electrical problems, and emissions system defects.
Like the sedan, the estate/wagon received high marks from most reviewers.
They noted that the cargo area was large and useful.
Additionally, the interior kept its top quality fit and finish, although the rear seat was still a bit small.
Other than different front bumpers, fenders, headlights, and hood, the cars were identical.
Nevertheless, it is the best-selling compact car in the country.
Antilock brakes and front airbags its available in manual and automatic transmissions as optional.
The fifth generation car has the widest variety of names of any generation.
This results in double-digit increases in both dynamic and torsional rigidity.
Other body innovations include an impact-absorbing front bumper which yields slightly in the event of a collision with a pedestrian, reducing the chance of injury.
A new door design allows just the outer panel to be removed and replaced if damaged, rather than the entire door.
Safety was again enhanced with many active and passive features available or standard.
The fifth generation car has a totally redesigned electrical system.
Volkswagen has developed a very strict motor oil quality standard, oil meeting this standard must be used to ensure full warranty coverage.
Where it was available, it fell into the least-restrictive emission category.
The introduction was delayed for approximately six months due to technical issues with the new emissions control system.
Most reviewers found the ride to be firm and well controlled, but not always as forgiving as the previous generation.
Handling was a strong point, with quick and precise steering and minimal body roll.
Fit and finish received excellent marks, with reviewers noting the car felt very upscale.
The front seats were firm but well liked, and the rear seat was roomy, in contrast to the cramped quarters in the fourth generation.
Along with its hatchback brethren, the fifth generation ranks among the top cars on the market in independent reviews of resale value.
Part of this disparity is blamed on the switch to the more complex independent rear suspension.
It is recognised as one of the safest vehicles in its class.
A black honeycomb grill, aggressive lower intakes, side adorning foglights, smoked taillights, dual tailpipes, red painted calipers, and red stitching are all elements to separate it from its run-of-the-mill counterpart.
It is available in a five-speed manual and six-speed automatic transmission.
The diesel engine can sometimes be run with higher percentages of biodiesel, particularly during warm months.
It had a power rating that varied according to the operating conditions.
It was noted that its chance of success was limited in the marketplace given the high cost of the electric drive system.
Frank's hallmarks are drunken rants on a wide variety of literary, historical and philosophical subjects, usually returning to how decent, hard-working people, among whom he erroneously seems to count himself, are discriminated against.
Thus, in spite of his drunken ramblings, sometimes he does come across as being well-educated owing to the issues he raises during his interactions with others.
Frank was apparently convicted and sentenced to imprisonment several times in his youth.
It has not been mentioned what exactly were the reasons for his string of past convictions.
The family have generally warmed towards him more as the series has progressed, mostly because he isn't bothering them hugely on a daily basis.
Frank suffers a blackout and throughout the episode has flashbacks of that evening.
Not knowing if he actually carried out the attack he hands himself into the police.
He digs into the events of that night and finds that a local gangster's brother had actually carried out the attack.
He now wears a darker version of his fond parka and occasionally slips on a pair of glasses when reading.
Fiona was reluctant to leave with him, as she did not want to abandon her siblings and friends.
Once back at their house, he admitted (while undoing his trousers) that he had noticed her a month before, and that if she wanted him to stop, he would.
She did not, and they went on to have sex.
Steve is from a family of doctors, referring to them as "the medical equivalent of a battery farm".
Steve himself had also previously studied to become a doctor before leaving med school after two years.
Steve is often presented as the moral hero of the show.
Although a car thief, he proudly claims to have not committed a single violent crime in his life.
His parents delayed his birth registration for over a year.
Lip keeps it a secret and eventually becomes completely accepting of it.
The brothers often have to look out for each other more than any of the other characters, due to being party to each other's secrets.
Ian often identifies as gay, having various relationships with older men throughout the first four or five series.
He repeatedly has sex with a girl he is briefly hiding in his home for her protection, but when she asks him to leave with her, he declines, knowing a relationship would not work.
He is seen in episode two in a clip of him partying abroad and appears on webcam in later episodes.
But they fight back and overpower the thug, and drag him back unconscious to their house.
Although the results are disastrous, she shows herself to be a diligent individual upon whom her family can depend.
She also provides her family members with a high level of emotional support.
Debbie also detests her mother more than the rest of the family, refusing to forgive her for abandoning them years ago or for her continued laziness and self-absorption.
Debbie's relationship with the rest of her family is generally good.
She views her siblings as her dependants and generally supports them through their various misadventures.
The rest of her family generally recognises all she does for them.
Debbie left the students room the next morning, thinking that she'd never see him again.
Carl was briefly taken into custody, and gave a statement that the marijuana was grown for the household's own personal use.
Carl develops a long tally of sexual conquests in the later series, one notable example being the mother of one girl whom he was dating during his last year of secondary school.
He is named after the singer of the same name.
He apparently suffered from epileptic fits when he was smaller, although this has never been seen.
During an interview at a local university, he initially fails to make a good impression due to nervousness.
When a scuffle ensures between his brothers and father, he moves to a different ledge, and throws his phone down.
Liam begins to act more hostile towards her than ever.
Monica replied that her relationship with his father was "above right or wrong".
She shows great maturity for her age, and is shown to be thoughtful and caring.
He is born in the final episode of the eleventh and final series.
In her final scene, she deliberately causes a prison riot to extend her sentence as she wants to spend the rest of her life in prison.
Paddy also has a strong sense of family and is loyal toward them.
Mimi is as hard as nails, and she can hold her own with men and women.
She describes herself as a "bulimic who can't stand vomit".
In the same series, she is shown attending anger management classes.
Mimi is presented as a character who behaves in ways which are polar opposites.
For example, she has no qualms about selling drugs to children and behaving in a violent manner.
However, she also has strong maternal instincts and shows compassion for others.
This is because she does not want to see her ex-con son go to jail again.
Mimi attempts to join a local women's group to find companionship and feel better about herself, but they rebuff her attempts to appear in their risque charity calendar, making her feel fat, unattractive, and worthless.
Mimi films them and sets up a website to display the shots.
His new reformed life was a sham to cover his murders of these three men.
He also proves that unlike his two brothers, he is a very effective debt collector and head of the family business, having no qualms about threatening or injuring if it brings results.
However, with physiotherapy and speech therapy, his condition begins to improve.
Shane demands that his father proves how sorry he is, and produces a syringe and a bag of heroin.
Shane was upset at the thought of never having children.
Paddy later showed his face, and endorsed his son's proactiveness.
He is erratic and obsessively licks the side of his mouth, which could be a tic and/or hint of a behavioral disorder.
Despite his aggressive, exaggerated personality, he is mentally weak and often runs away at the first sign of trouble.
Micky is the most idealistic of his family, and the most loyal to his parents.
She is generally more law-abiding than the rest of her family, but is fiercely loyal to them and can often have a violent and abusive streak.
She is the second person to find out about his homosexuality.
He is portrayed as being more thuggish than the rest of his brothers, quite often seen using violence against other people, including electrocution, attempted murder and hands on combat.
For example, she hides her baby in a dresser drawer.
Karen's erratic behaviour deteriorates further as she starts ripping wall paper off the walls and playing music at high volume, even attempting suicide by falling from a window at one point.
Jamie does not derive any pleasure from having sex with other women and is motivated by the financial gain.
She explains to him that she knows she has to earn his trust back, and just wants him to give her a chance.
Later, he takes her back into their bed and things begin to return to normal for the couple.
She explains that now she knows he does love her and she loves him, but that the secrets are going to stop.
Kelly turned him down several times, even ending their relationship, because she could not marry him while living a lie.
Shane was deeply upset when he learned he was sterile.
Their plan was to use the money to buy their council house.
They had been arrested after attempting to buy an orphan.
She is a pathological kleptomaniac and a bossy and demanding woman, fond of having affairs with much younger men.
Their relationship ended when he urinated on her during sex.
Carol is also quite religious, although she somehow is able to balance it with her promiscuous nature.
His tourette's syndrome often creates uncomfortable situations for him, causing him to reveal otherwise secret information or offend those who are not used to him by insulting/swearing.
He also attempts to tamper with the estates electricity, resulting in a total blackout.
The colleague was later found out to be a figment of her imagination borne out of a desperate need for affection.
He also states at one point that he cannot stand the feel of a woman's touch.
Chesney knocks his father unconscious with a baseball bat and leaves him to die when a fire erupts at the shop.
She is a hard-nosed businesswoman who is not averse to breaking the law to make a bit of extra profit.
Chesney is a smart but moody teenager who quietly resents his mother's bossy and abrupt demeanour.
Kash then attends the shop in order to speak with his son.
The act was filmed and spread via photographs over a mobile phone.
Their consciences soon got the better of them, which led them to grafittying the name of the killer close to the scene of the crime.
But it doesn't go to plan and she becomes a hostage.
She doesn't appear in the seventh series, with no mention of her whereabouts.
Maxine agrees to let him move in, and goes to confront their father.
In an attempt to try to get closer to her father, she cooks him some dinner and cleans up his home.
Maxine begins posing nude for an art class, and recognises the professor as a teacher she had a crush on when she was a teenager.
At first, she appears to be uncomfortable with the realisation that this man found her attractive when she was sixteen years old.
She eventually invites him to her home and they get drunk and take cocaine.
Unfortunately, the professor has a heart attack and she has to call an ambulance.
She is quite rebellious and very manipulative for her age, being able to easily win round her mother.
She also is a person upon whom other members of the family can depend.
Once again, she states that she is going out to purchase a loaf of bread and disappears.
He decides to go to anger management to rebuild his life.
Karen continues to try to make him boil over, but finally she attends one of his meetings and is impressed by the effort he's making to move on.
An up-to-date listing of social events can be found here.
He was whisked away from the hotel, led to a eucalyptus grove, where he was stripped to his underwear, had his "sentence" read out to him, and was given eighteen lashes.
Two other soldiers were caught in northern part of the city and suffered eighteen lashes as well.
The flogging punishment was later abolished, but capital punishment was introduced.
They refused to participate in the proceedings, and denied the authority of the court to judge them.
When given the opportunity to speak in their defense, they made defiant statements to the court.
However, the condemned men themselves reprimanded the petitioners in a public statement.
The executions were announced, and a curfew was imposed on the country.
The power station was one of the first generation of demonstration power reactors.
Radioactive materials are being moved to a temporary storage facility.
A tear in tubing in a cooling circuit was noticed quickly and was repaired.
Two alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding identical proteins have been reported.
Male and female animals underwent a standardized phenotypic screen to determine the effects of deletion.
The park includes a small mountain range with tracks and trails which are popular with tourists.
Melanie finds the children hard to deal with at first but grows to love them.
Mel suspects it is him but he protests his innocence.
Outhwaite has stated that she was given the role without having to do a screen-test.
I didn't want her turning into a wimpy character like so many women in soaps.
You know, they're either bitches or they're slags or they're victims.
He has a vulnerable side and that's what is attractive.
She kept him going during all the bad times and now he's determined to have her.
It's true of a lot of guys who get into trouble, they hang their hat on one idea and that keeps them sane [...] there's a driving force that kept them going while they were [in prison].
We came in at a similar time, and now it looks like we'll leave at a similar time, too.
Yorke added that the character would be welcome back any time.
At various stages she replied "never say never" when asked if she would return but also insisted the time was not right.
The track hosted a spring-summer racing series and a second in late fall.
The reconstruction was extremely costly, yet it proved to be a success and allowed the city to expand.
The city's climate is characterized by frequent rains in all seasons, and temperatures throughout the year are mild because of the proximity of the sea.
However, the city can sometimes endure brief cold temperatures as it is at the crossroads between oceanic and continental influences.
The idea was to set up a vast underground network to make all inhabitants' cellars interconnect by means of tunnels.
Excavation material (chalk) was not wasted but rather used to construct houses.
There is a fine collection of statuary within the church and it houses a number of religious relics.
Entertainment includes cooking lessons with chefs, craft demonstrations, a merry-go-round, a ferris wheel, an ice-skating rink and heated shelters.
I know who will be the foil, the fool, the poor foal, also utterly destroyed.
This page is briefly stained by my tears of gratitude.
Sam, who considers that he lacks the imagination and courage to write fiction, realises he can simply document the progress towards the murder to create a plausible, lucrative, story.
He regularly sleeps with an underage girl in return for cash payments to her mother.
He drinks, gambles, and takes part in burglaries and semi-violent crime (although he is unable to follow through with actual violent crime).
He is addicted to pornography and television to the extent that he is unable to distinguish reality from what is shown on the screen.
He has raped several women in the past (including his wife).
Nicola is a self-styled "murderee", who manipulates the entire cast of characters to bring about her own murder so that she will not have to face ageing, a natural process that she hates as she fears the loss of her attractiveness and power to manipulate men, as well as the indignities of decay and old age.
She describes herself as a failed suicide, who must find her murderer if she is to successfully end her life.
Sam is a failed writer who selfishly uses the three main characters to have a chance at writing a popular and successful novel.
Mass media has corrupted the ability to read and led to disorientation, heavy reliance is placed on gossip and tabloids, neither of which can pass any test of accuracy.
The title suggests a paradox: a rural or pastoral place within a modern urban setting.
The topography of the imagined city cannot fit exactly onto the topography of the real city.
The review concluded that the book "succeeds, however, as a picaresque novel rich in its effects".
He is also noted for developing the concept of bioenergetic grounding, one of the foundational principles of bioenergetic therapy.
His interest in the link between the mind and the body developed during this time.
Seed dispersal is the movement or transport of seeds away from the parent plant.
Plants have very limited mobility and consequently rely upon a variety of dispersal vectors to transport their propagules, including both abiotic and biotic vectors.
Seeds can be dispersed away from the parent plant individually or collectively, as well as dispersed in both space and time.
The patterns of seed dispersal are determined in large part by the dispersal mechanism and this has important implications for the demographic and genetic structure of plant populations, as well as migration patterns and species interactions.
There are eight main modes of seed dispersal: gravity, wind, ballistic, water, and by animals.
Some plants are serotinous and only disperse their seeds in response to an environmental stimulus.
First, seed survival is often higher away from the parent plant.
This higher survival may result from the actions of density-dependent seed and seedling predators and pathogens, which often target the high concentrations of seeds beneath adults.
Competition with adult plants may also be lower when seeds are transported away from their parent.
Seed dispersal also allows plants to reach specific habitats that are favorable for survival, a hypothesis known as directed dispersal.
Male bellbirds perch on dead trees in order to attract mates, and often defecate seeds beneath these perches where the seeds have a high chance of survival because of high light conditions and escape from fungal pathogens.
In the case of fleshy-fruited plants, seed-dispersal in animal guts (endozoochory) often enhances the amount, the speed, and the asynchrony of germination, which can have important plant benefits.
Seeds dispersed by ants (myrmecochory) are not only dispersed short distances but are also buried underground by the ants.
These seeds can thus avoid adverse environmental effects such as fire or drought, reach nutrient-rich microsites and survive longer than other seeds.
These features are peculiar to myrmecochory, which may thus provide additional benefits not present in other dispersal modes.
Finally, at another scale, seed dispersal may allow plants to colonize vacant habitats and even new geographic regions.
Dispersal distances and deposition sites depend on the movement range of the disperser, and longer dispersal distances are sometimes accomplished through diplochory, the sequential dispersal by two or more different dispersal mechanisms.
In fact, recent evidence suggests that the majority of seed dispersal events involves more than one dispersal phase.
A plant's fitness and survival may heavily depend on this method of seed dispersal depending on certain environmental factors.
Two other types of autochory not described in detail here are blastochory, where the stem of the plant crawls along the ground to deposit its seed far from the base of the plant, and herpochory (the seed crawls by means of trichomes and changes in humidity).
The effect of gravity on heavier fruits causes them to fall from the plant when ripe.
Fruits exhibiting this type of dispersal include apples, coconuts and passionfruit and those with harder shells (which often roll away from the plant to gain more distance).
Gravity dispersal also allows for later transmission by water or animal.
Often the force that generates the explosion results from turgor pressure within the fruit or due to internal tensions within the fruit.
Wind dispersal can take on one of two primary forms: seeds can float on the breeze or alternatively, they can flutter to the ground.
The classic examples of these dispersal mechanisms, in the temperate northern hemisphere, include dandelions, which have a feathery pappus attached to their seeds and can be dispersed long distances, and maples, which have winged seeds (samaras) and flutter to the ground.
An important constraint on wind dispersal is the need for abundant seed production to maximize the likelihood of a seed landing in a site suitable for germination.
There are also strong evolutionary constraints on this dispersal mechanism.
Reliance on wind dispersal is common among many weedy or ruderal species.
Unusual mechanisms of wind dispersal include tumbleweeds, where the entire plant is blown by the wind.
Physalis fruits, when not fully ripe, may sometimes be dispersed by wind due to the space between the fruit and the covering calyx which acts as air bladder.
Seeds can travel for extremely long distances, depending on the specific mode of water dispersal; this especially applies to fruits which are waterproof and float.
The water lily is an example of such a plant.
Water lilies' flowers make a fruit that floats in the water for a while and then drops down to the bottom to take root on the floor of the pond.
The seeds of palm trees can also be dispersed by water.
If they grow near oceans, the seeds can be transported by ocean currents over long distances, allowing the seeds to be dispersed as far as other continents.
Mangrove trees grow directly out of the water; when their seeds are ripe they fall from the tree and grow roots as soon as they touch any kind of soil.
During low tide, they might fall in soil instead of water and start growing right where they fell.
If the water level is high, however, they can be carried far away from where they fell.
Mangrove trees often make little islands as dirt and other things collect in their roots, making little bodies of land.
A special review for oceanic waters hydrochory can be seen at oceanic dispersal.
Seeds can be transported on the outside of vertebrate animals (mostly mammals), a process known as epizoochory.
Plant species transported externally by animals can have a variety of adaptations for dispersal, including adhesive mucus, and a variety of hooks, spines and barbs.
Nevertheless, epizoochorous transport can be highly effective if seeds attach to wide-ranging animals.
This form of seed dispersal has been implicated in rapid plant migration and the spread of invasive species.
Seed dispersal via ingestion by vertebrate animals (mostly birds and mammals), or endozoochory, is the dispersal mechanism for most tree species.
Endozoochory is generally a coevolved mutualistic relationship in which a plant surrounds seeds with an edible, nutritious fruit as a good food for animals that consume it.
Birds and mammals are the most important seed dispersers, but a wide variety of other animals, including turtles and fish, can transport viable seeds.
Seed dispersal by animals in tropical rainforests has received much attention, and this interaction is considered an important force shaping the ecology and evolution of vertebrate and tree populations.
In the tropics, large animal seed dispersers (such as tapirs, chimpanzees and hornbills) may disperse large seeds with few other seed dispersal agents.
The extinction of these large frugivores from poaching and habitat loss may have negative effects on the tree populations that depend on them for seed dispersal.
A variation of endozoochory is regurgitation rather than all the way through the digestive track.
Seed dispersal by ants (myrmecochory) is a dispersal mechanism of many shrubs of the southern hemisphere or understorey herbs of the northern hemisphere.
Seeds of myrmecochorous plants have a lipid-rich attachment called the elaiosome, which attracts ants.
Ants carry such seeds into their colonies, feed the elaiosome to their larvae and discard the otherwise intact seed in an underground chamber.
Myrmecochory is thus a coevolved mutualistic relationship between plants and seed-disperser ants.
Seed predators, which include many rodents (such as squirrels) and some birds (such as jays) may also disperse seeds by hoarding the seeds in hidden caches.
The seeds in caches are usually well-protected from other seed predators and if left uneaten will grow into new plants.
In addition, rodents may also disperse seeds via seed spitting due to the presence of secondary metabolites in ripe fruits.
Finally, seeds may be secondarily dispersed from seeds deposited by primary animal dispersers, a process known as diplochory.
For example, dung beetles are known to disperse seeds from clumps of feces in the process of collecting dung to feed their larvae.
Other types of zoochory are chiropterochory (by bats), malacochory (by molluscs, mainly terrestrial snails), ornithochory (by birds) and saurochory (by non-bird sauropsids).
Zoochory can occur in more than one phase, for example through diploendozoochory, where a primary disperser (an animal that ate a seed) along with the seeds it is carrying is eaten by a predator that then carries the seed further before depositing it.
Recent research points out that human dispersers differ from animal dispersers by a much higher mobility based on the technical means of human transport.
Dispersal by humans on the one hand may act on large geographical scales and lead to invasive species.
On the other hand, dispersal by humans also acts on smaller, regional scales and drives the dynamics of existing biological populations.
Humans may disperse seeds by many various means and some surprisingly high distances have been repeatedly measured.
This has risks as unsuitable provenance may introduce genetically unsuitable plants to new environments.
Dispersal is necessary for species migrations, and in recent times dispersal ability is an important factor in whether or not a species transported to a new habitat by humans will become an invasive species.
Dispersal is also predicted to play a major role in the origin and maintenance of species diversity.
For example, myrmecochory increased the rate of diversification more than twofold in plant groups in which it has evolved because myrmecochorous lineages contain more than twice as many species as their non-myrmecochorous sister groups.
Seed dispersal is essential in allowing forest migration of flowering plants.
In addition, the speed and direction of wind are highly influential in the dispersal process and in turn the deposition patterns of floating seeds in the stagnant water bodies.
The transportation of seeds is led by the wind direction.
This effects colonization situated on the banks of a river or to wetlands adjacent to streams relative to the distinct wind directions.
The wind dispersal process can also effect connections between water bodies.
Essentially, wind plays a larger role in the dispersal of waterborne seeds in a short period of time, days and seasons, but the ecological process allows the process to become balanced throughout a time period of several years.
The time period of which the dispersal occurs is essential when considering the consequences of wind on the ecological process.
A slurry pipeline is a specially engineered pipeline used to move ores, such as coal or iron, or mining waste, called tailings, over long distances.
A mixture of the ore concentrate and water, called slurry, is pumped to its destination and the water is filtered out.
Slurry pipelines are used as an alternative to railroad transportation when mines are located in remote, inaccessible areas.
At the end of the pipeline, the material is separated from the [slurry] in a filter press to remove the water.
This water is usually subjected to a waste treatment process before disposal or return to the mine.
Slurry pipelines offer an economic advantage over railroad transport and much less noise disturbance to the environment, particularly when mines are in extremely remote areas.
Pipelines must be suitably engineered to resist abrasion from the solids as well as corrosion from the soil.
Typical materials that are transferred using slurry pipelines include coal, copper, iron, and phosphate concentrates, limestone, lead, zinc, nickel, bauxite and oil sands.
Slurry pipelines are also used to transport tailings from a mineral processing plant after the ore has been processed in order to dispose of the remaining rocks or clays.
For oil sand plants, a mixture of oil sand and water may be pumped over a long distance to release the bitumen by ablation.
Slurry pipelines are also being considered to de-silt or remove silts from deposits behind dams in man-made lakes.
These projects to remedy the environment might alleviate one of the major problems associated with large dams and man-made lakes.
Experimental study of hydraulic transport of large particles in horizontal pipes.
The bats usually live near water or damp locations, residing in hollow trees or domestic dwellings.
They attempt to capture by echolocation insects flying near the surface of water.
The bats also have the ability to capture insects that fall onto the water surfaces.
Occasionally, the larger bats catch and consume small fish (the most closely related species, the greater bulldog bat, is known for its fishing ability).
They live about ten years and reach sexual maturity in one year.
Core qualification skills will include weapons qualification and maintenance, marksmanship, land navigation, field communications, and expeditionary camp deployment.
There are currently no plans to offer an officer version of the qualification.
This helps provide a year-round supply of water to the area.
The climate is mediterranean, with hot, dry summers and mild, wet winters.
Agriculture in the area focuses on the growing of olives, as favoured by the mediterranean climate, the calcareous soil and the southern exposure of the hillsides.
The expression is derived from the slang use of the term "crumpet" to refer to a woman who is regarded as an object of sexual desire.
Bukha has many shops for daily items as well as lot of coffee shops and restaurants.
The videos were more popular than expected, and the channel went from a project worked on during the free time of a few friends to a design studio with over a dozen employees.
These artists made significant advances in natural representation and illusionism, and their work typically features complex iconography.
Their subjects are usually religious scenes or small portraits, with narrative painting or mythological subjects being relatively rare.
The painted works are generally oil on panel, either as single works or more complex portable or fixed altarpieces in the form of diptychs, triptychs or polyptychs.
The period is also noted for its sculpture, tapestries, illuminated manuscripts, stained glass and carved retables.
Assisted by the workshop system, panels and a variety of crafts were sold to foreign princes or merchants through private engagement or market stalls.
Art historians spent almost another century determining attributions, studying iconography, and establishing bare outlines of even the major artists' lives.
Attribution of some of the most significant works is still debated.
In this context, "primitive" does not refer to a perceived lack of sophistication, but rather identifies the artists as originators of a new tradition in painting.
The demand for illuminated manuscripts declined towards the end of the century, perhaps because of the costly production process in comparison to panel painting.
Biblical scenes were depicted with more naturalism, which made their content more accessible to viewers, while individual portraits became more evocative and alive.
The style of these painters is often dramatically at odds with that of the first generation of artists.
The first generation were literate, well educated and mostly from middle-class backgrounds.
Painters enjoyed a new level of respect and status; patrons no longer simply commissioned works but courted the artists, sponsoring their travel and exposing them to new and wide-ranging influences.
Bosch followed his own muse, tending instead towards moralism and pessimism.
Sacred imagery was shown in a didactic and moralistic manner, with religious figures becoming marginalized and relegated to the background.
Sweeping landscapes came to the fore in paintings that were provisionally religious or mythological, and his genre scenes were complex, with overtones of religious skepticism and even hints of nationalism.
These artists sought to show the world as it actually was, and to depict people in a way that made them look more human, with a greater complexity of emotions than had been previously seen.
They moved beyond the flat perspective and outlined figuration of earlier painting in favour of three-dimensional pictorial spaces.
Advancements in technique allowed far richer, more luminous and closely detailed representations of people, landscapes, interiors and objects.
Oil allows smooth, translucent surfaces and can be applied in a range of thicknesses, from fine lines to thick broad strokes.
It dries slowly and is easily manipulated while still wet.
These characteristics allowed more time to add subtle detail and enable wet-on-wet techniques.
Smooth transitions of colour are possible because portions of the intermediary layers of paint can be wiped or removed as the paint dries.
Oil enables differentiation among degrees of reflective light, from shadow to bright beams, and minute depictions of light effects through the use of transparent glazes.
The paintings were most often made on wood, but sometimes on the less expensive canvas.
Typically the sap was removed and the board well-seasoned before use.
Many surviving panels are painted on both sides or with the reverse bearing family emblems, crests or ancillary outline sketches.
Painting each side of a panel was practical since it prevented the wood from warping.
Usually the frames of hinged works were constructed before the individual panels were worked on.
Glue binder was often used as an inexpensive alternative to oil.
Many works using this medium were produced but few survive today because of the delicateness of the linen cloth and the solubility of the hide glue from which the binder was derived.
The paint was generally applied with brushes or sometimes with thin sticks or brush handles.
The artists often softened the contours of shadows with their fingers, at times to blot or reduce the glaze.
Only a certain number of masters could operate within any city's bounds; they were regulated by artisan guilds to whom they had to be affiliated to be allowed to operate and receive commissions.
Guilds protected and regulated painting, overseeing production, export trade and raw material supply; and they maintained discrete sets of rules for panel painters, cloth painters and book illuminators.
For example, the rules set higher citizenship requirements for miniaturists and prohibited them from using oils.
Overall, panel painters enjoyed the highest level of protection, with cloth painters ranking below.
Membership of a guild was highly restricted and access was difficult for newcomers.
A master was expected to serve an apprenticeship in his region, and show proof of citizenship, which could be obtained through birth in the city or by purchase.
Apprenticeship lasted four to five years, ending with the production of a "masterpiece" that proved his ability as a craftsman, and the payment of a substantial entrance fee.
The system was protectionist at a local level through the nuances of the fee system.
Although it sought to ensure a high quality of membership, it was a self-governing body that tended to favour wealthy applicants.
Workshops typically consisted of a family home for the master and lodging for apprentices.
The masters usually built up inventories of pre-painted panels as well as patterns or outline designs for ready sale.
With the former, the master was responsible for the overall design of the painting, and typically painted the focal portions, such as the faces, hands and the embroidered parts of the figure's clothing.
Often a master's workshop was occupied with both the reproduction of copies of proven commercially successful works, and the design of new compositions arising from commissions.
In this case, the master would usually produce the underdrawing or overall composition to be painted by assistants.
As a result, many surviving works that evidence first-rank compositions but uninspired execution are attributed to workshop members or followers.
The early to mid-century saw great rises in international trade and domestic wealth, leading to an enormous increase in the demand for art.
At first, masters had acted as their own dealers, attending fairs where they could also buy frames, panels and pigments.
The mid-century saw the development of art dealership as a profession; the activity became purely commercially driven, dominated by the mercantile class.
More often the masters anticipated the formats and images that would be most sought after and their designs were then developed by workshop members.
Ready made paintings were sold at regularly held fairs, or the buyers could visit workshops, which tended to be clustered in certain areas of the major cities.
The masters were allowed to display in their front windows.
Members of the merchant class typically commissioned smaller devotional panels, containing specified subject matter.
Alterations varied from having individualised panels added to a prefabricated pattern, to the inclusion of a donor portrait.
Burgundian rule created a large class of courtiers and functionaries.
Some gained enormous power and commissioned paintings to display their wealth and influence.
Wealthy foreign patronage and the development of international trade afforded the established masters the chance to build up workshops with assistants.
Each employed rich and complex iconographical elements to create a heightened sense of contemporary beliefs and spiritual ideals.
Morally the works express a fearful outlook, combined with a respect for restraint and stoicism.
The paintings above all emphasise the spiritual over the earthly.
The iconography was embedded in the work unobtrusively; typically the references comprised small but key background details.
The embedded symbols were meant to meld into the scenes and "was a deliberate strategy to create an experience of spiritual revelation".
Yet the earthly churches are heavily decorated with heavenly symbols.
Campin's symbols do not alter the sense of the real; in his paintings a domestic scene is no more complicated than a one showing religious iconography, but one the viewer would recognise and understand.
His treatment of architectural details, niches, colour and space is presented in such an inexplicable manner that "the particular objects or people we see before us have suddenly, jarringly, become symbols with religious truth".
Paintings and other precious objects served an important aid in the religious life of those who could afford them.
Prayer and meditative contemplation were means to attain salvation, while the very wealthy could also build churches (or extend existing ones), or commission artworks or other devotional pieces as a means to guarantee salvation in the afterlife.
In this way the traditions of the earlier centuries were absorbed and re-developed as a distinctly rich and complex iconographical tradition.
It was thought that the length each person would need to suffer in limbo was proportional to their display of devotion while on earth.
Such a commission was usually executed as part of a triptych, or later as a more affordable diptych.
Wall hangings and books functioned as political propaganda and as a means to showcase wealth and power, whereas portraits were less favoured.
Religious paintings were commissioned for royal and ducal palaces, for churches, hospitals, and convents, and for wealthy clerics and private donors.
The richer cities and towns commissioned works for their civic buildings.
Manuscripts were ideally suited as diplomatic gifts or offerings to commemorate dynastic marriages or other major courtly occasions.
Their popularity was in part due to the production of more affordable, single leaf miniatures which could be inserted into unillustrated books of hours.
These were at times offered in a serial manner designed to encourage patrons to "include as many pictures as they could afford", which clearly presented them as an item of fashion but also as form of indulgence.
Commissions were often shared between several masters, with junior painters or specialists assisting, especially with details such as the border decorations, these last often done by women.
The masters rarely signed their work, making attribution difficult; the identities of some of the more significant illuminators are lost.
Netherlandish artists found increasingly inventive ways to highlight and differentiate their work from manuscripts from surrounding countries; such techniques included designing elaborate page borders and devising ways to relate scale and space.
They explored the interplay between the three essential components of a manuscript: border, miniature and text.
These elements achieved their effect by being broadly painted, as if scattered across the gilded surface of the miniatures.
Using various illusionistic elements, he often blurred the line between the miniature and its border, frequently using both in his efforts to advance the narrative of his scenes.
The practical use of textiles results from their portability; tapestries provided easily assembled interior decorations suited to religious or civic ceremonies.
Their value is reflected in their positioning in contemporary inventories, in which they are typically found at the top of the record, then ranked in accordance with their material or colouring.
The designs, or cartoons were typically executed on paper or parchment, put together by qualified painters, then sent to weavers, often across a great distance.
Because cartoons could be re-used, craftsmen often worked on source material that was decades old.
As both paper and parchment are highly perishable, few of the original cartoons survive.
Once a design was agreed upon its production might be farmed out among many weavers.
Dependent on a migrant workforce, their commercial activity was driven by entrepreneurs, who were usually painters.
The entrepreneur was in direct contact with the patron, and they would often go through the nuances of the design at both the cartoon and final stages.
Because tapestries were designed largely by painters, their formal conventions are closely aligned with the conventions of panel painting.
Preoccupied with religious subject matter, they come in two broad types: smaller, portable private devotional works, or larger altarpieces for liturgical settings.
The earliest northern examples are compound works incorporating engraving and painting, usually with two painted wings that could be folded over a carved central corpus.
They provide greater scope for variation, and a greater number of possible combinations of interior and exterior panels that could be viewed at one time.
That hinged works could be opened and closed served a practical purpose; on religious holidays the more prosaic and everyday outer panels were replaced by the lush interior panels.
The wings usually contain a variety of angels, donors and saints, but there is never direct eye contact, and only rarely a narrative connection, with the central panel's figures.
Netherlandish painters adapted many of these conventions, but subverted them almost from the start.
Bosch's work continued the move towards secularism and emphasised landscape.
As secular works grew in demand, triptychs were often broken up and sold as individual works, especially if a panel or section contained an image that could pass as a secular portrait.
They consisted of two equally sized panels joined by hinges (or, less often, a fixed frame); the panels were usually linked thematically.
Hinged panels could be opened and closed like a book, allowing both an interior and exterior view, while the ability to close the wings allowed protection of the inner images.
Diptychs are distinct from pendants in that they are physically connected wings and not merely two paintings hung side by side.
They were usually near-miniature in scale, and some emulated medieval "treasury art" -small pieces made of gold or ivory.
Netherlandish diptychs tend to illustrate only a small range of religious scenes.
The donor was nearly always shown kneeling in full or half length, with hands clasped in prayer.
Private reflection and prayer was encouraged and the small-scale diptych fitted this purpose.
The small size was meant to entice the viewer into a meditative state for personal devotion and perhaps the "experience of miraculous visions".
The technical inconsistencies may be the result of the workshop system, in which the more prosaic passages were often completed by assistants.
As with altarpieces, the majority were later separated and sold as single "genre" pictures.
In the workshop system some were interchangeable, and the religious works may have been paired with newly commissioned donor panels.
Later many diptychs were broken apart, thus creating two saleable works from one.
The format did not exist as a separate genre and was only found infrequently at the highest end of the market in betrothal portraits or royal family commissions.
He was highly sought after as a portraitist, yet there are noticeable similarities in his portraits, likely because he used and reused the same underdrawings, which met common ideals of rank and piety.
These were then adapted to show the facial characteristics and expressions of the particular sitter.
Full-length portraits were reserved for depictions of the highest echelon of society, and were associated with princely displays of power.
At this angle, more than one side of the face is visible as the sitter's body is rotated towards the viewer.
This pose gives a better view of the shape and features of the head and allows the sitter to look out towards the viewer.
Although there is often direct eye contact between subject and viewer, the look is normally detached, aloof and uncommunicative, perhaps to reflect the subject's high social position.
There are exceptions, typically in bridal portraits or in the case of potential betrothals, when the object of the work is to make the sitter as attractive as possible.
In these cases the sitter was often shown smiling, with an engaging and radiant expression designed to appeal to her intended.
Portraits were objects of status, and served to ensure that the individual's personal success was recorded and would endure beyond his lifetime.
Most portraits tended to show royalty, the upper nobility or princes of the church.
Portraits did not generally require lengthy sittings; typically a series of preparatory drawings were used to flesh out the final panel.
Geographical settings were rare and when they did appear usually consisted of glimpses through open windows or arcades.
They were rarely based on actual locations; the settings tended to be largely imagined, designed to suit the thematic thrust of the panel.
Because most of the works were donor portraits, very often the landscapes were tame, controlled and served merely to provide a harmonious setting for the idealised interior space.
The landscape tradition in illuminated manuscripts would continue for at least the next century.
This was born of the rising affluence of the region's middle class, many of whom had now travelled south and seen countryside noticeably different from their flat homeland.
The significant artists from these areas did not slavishly reproduce the scenery before them, but in subtle ways adapted and modified their landscapes to reinforce the emphasis and meaning of the panel they were working on.
Patinir developed what is now called the world landscape genre, which is typified by biblical or historical figures within an imagined panoramic landscape, usually mountains and lowlands, water and buildings.
Paintings of this type are characterised by an elevated viewpoint, with the figures dwarfed by their surroundings.
The human presence remained central rather than serving as mere staffage.
Wealthy northern merchants could afford to buy paintings from the top tier of artists.
As a result, painters became increasingly aware of their status in society: they signed their works more often, painted portraits of themselves, and became well-known figures because of their artistic activities.
Many of the period's artworks were commissioned by clergy for their churches, with specifications for a physical format and pictorial content that would complement existing architectural and design schemes.
Nash goes on to say that, "any one would necessarily be seen in relation to other images, repeating, enlarging, or diversifying the chosen themes".
Because iconoclasts targeted churches and cathedrals, important information about the display of individual works has been lost, and with it, insights about the meaning of these artworks in their own time.
The historical record is very poor, such that some major artists' biographies are still bare outlines, while attribution is an ongoing and often contentious debate.
The avenues for research have been limited by many historical factors.
Many archives were destroyed in bombing campaigns in the two world wars, and a great number of works for which records do exist are themselves lost or destroyed.
The record-keeping in the region was inconsistent, and often the export of works by major artists was, owing to the pressures of commercial demand, not adequately recorded.
Surviving documentation tends to come from inventories, wills, payment accounts, employment contracts and guild records and regulations.
Collecting a group of works under one notname is often contentious; a set of works assigned one notname could have been produced by various artists whose artistic similarities can be explained by shared geography, training, and response to market-demand influences.
Some art historians believe that this situation has fostered a lack of caution in connecting works with historical persons, and that such connections often rest on tenuous circumstantial evidence.
The identities of a number of well-known artists have been founded on the basis of a single signed, documented or otherwise attributed work, from which follow further attributions based on technical evidence and geographical proximity.
Schopenhauer did primary archival research because there was very little historical record of the masters, apart from official legal documents.
Subjecting the works to meticulous analysis and examination in the course of acquisition, based on distinguishing characteristics of individual artists, he established an early scholarly system of classification.
Memling was seen as the older master's match technically, and as possessing a deeper emotional resonance.
The undertaking proved extremely difficult, given the scant historical record of even the most significant artists.
Panofsky was one of the first art historians to abandon formalism.
They were key in identifying sources of iconography and ascribing attribution, or at least differentiating anonymous masters under names of convenience.
The paucity of surviving documentation has made attribution especially difficult, a problem compounded by the workshop system.
Harbison sees the works as objects of devotion with a "prayer book mentality" available to middle-class burghers who had the means and the inclination to commission devotional objects.
Most recent scholarship is moving away from the focus on religious iconography; instead, it investigates how a viewer is meant to experience a piece, as with donor paintings that were meant to elicit the feeling of a religious vision.
As well as his work as a writer and academic, he was also an amateur athlete and painter.
His early works were written in standard form and rhythm, and expressed the love, joys and sorrow of modern man.
His later works gives an insight into the existence and fate of humanity.
He was an extraordinarily prolific poet, using a frank conversational style, although often emplying fragmented grammar and broken phrases.
Cho has been lauded as a poet who tore down the notion that modern poetry must be obscure and won the sympathy of many readers by his candid expression in everyday language of the sentiments and experiences of his own life.
For some critics, however, his vision is too self-centered and pays scant attention to the social or political dimensions underlying the realities he describes.
Thus the critical reception of his poetry divides between admiration of its harmony while noting that it lacks innovation or much striving after aesthetic quality for its own sake.
The current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the state.
However, his victory was not recognized by the military, which seized power shortly after the elections.
Savage was keenly aware of the needs of elderly housing and served on several related national, state, and local governmental and private groups.
Tradition has it that arts referred to both technical professions and fine arts.
At the time, the school became overwhelmed by the plethora of students wanting to learn high technical skills, and this led to its moving to a new campus.
This is when the institute was recognized as a technical education facility by the state, which was a crucial step for its development, as it became accompanied to the country's needs as it developed.
This allowed the two schools to develop separately as a technical and an arts school respectively.
The junta however, was irreparably damaged by the popular outcry.
All schools and universities of the country remain closed on that day.
The diploma thesis has to be related to one of the courses of the faculty.
The student has at his or her disposal at least a full academic semester to prepare the thesis.
Research is managed by administrative and education personnel, but can be conducted by graduate and sometimes undergraduate students as well.
There are also various internal buses that allow for transportation within the facilities, driving around the perimeter of the campus and through eight different bus stops.
The library is available to the public at all times for studying, and available to students, faculty, and internal and external researchers for borrowing.
It features a mixed choir, a string orchestra, and free lessons for various instruments, among others piano, guitar, bouzouki, and cello.
The music department groups regularly perform publicly within the facilities of the university, but also elsewhere.
The groups meets weekly, and performs regularly inside and outside the facilities of the university.
The dancing department is housed near the center of the main campus.
It is a self-managed group, which teaches the art of performance and often performs in public.
The theatrical group is housed near the center of the main campus.
The theatrical group has also organized a separate percussion lessons group.
The campus sport facilities feature tennis and soccer courts, a field and track, a sauna, ping pong tables, and more.
Each year several inter-departmental championships are organized among the teams of the university faculties.
All non-exchange students have to choose one from those as a mandatory foreign language course.
If such things happened, then there should be an investigation and the perpetrators punished.
I was normally engaged on the front line directing the artillery.
The appointee has responsibility for captives apprehended during the "war on terror".
Facilities include parking space close to the auditorium, and food and refreshments are available at the bar in the main marquee.
It provides a cloud-based approach to security as a service.
The company is unique among the private technology company "unicorns" in being almost entirely self-funded, has significant recurring revenue, is cash-flow positive, and is more than doubling its business year over year.
Localized data centers store security policies that can be pushed worldwide in seconds, following users as they travel around the globe to enforce these policies without latency.
Zscaler can provide comprehensive user reports in nearly real-time and is constantly gathering global threat data to protect its customers.
Zscaler's cloud-based sandboxing is unique in being ultimately based on a terminating proxy - this means that it can quarantine files for inspection instead of only making pass/block decisions.
It also decouples applications from the physical network to deliver granular, per-user access to application software and services running in the internal corporate network, in a datacenter, or in a public cloud.
This enables an enterprise to allow employees, customers and business partners to securely access internal applications without any need for code refactoring or implementing hardware.
The tool is useful to quickly understand whether current network security infrastructure is properly implemented and configured.
It produces arrays of numerous yellow flower heads with both ray florets and disc florets.
It is composed of three or more steps connected to a hook or spiral, reminiscent of a "greek-key" meander.
The motif is associated with many ideas, and is variously thought to depict water, waves, clouds, lightning, a serpent or serpent-deity like the mythological fire or feathered serpents, as well as more philosophical ideas like cyclical movement, or the life-giving connection between the light of the sun and the earth, and it may have been a protection against death, but no single meaning is universally accepted.
It seems likely that the multivalent nature of the symbol gave rise to its potency and longevity.
The place is thought to have been a small commercial state or principality whose chief item of trade was salt.
The traders from the coast brought with them iron objects, beads, cloth and ceramics which they traded for gold, ivory and slaves.
During the excavation of the site two burial grounds were discovered.
One was found containing a skeleton buried with copper ornaments, bracelets and beads.
The existence of two different graves proves that social stratification existed at that time.
This couple came in last place with the judges and was eliminated.
They are the most common type of cone cells in fish, reptiles and birds, and are present in most vertebrates, though they have been noted as absent in placental mammals (including humans), elasmobranches and catfish.
There are many gap junctions between the cells of fish double cones.
Their function, if they have any unique function compared to single cones, is largely unknown; proposed uses include achromatic (non-colour vision) tasks such as detecting luminance, motion and polarization vision.
Some double cones have members with identical visual pigments (twin cones), while others have members with different cone types (members have a different spectral sensitivity).
He also states that the single cones are usually smaller than the individual members of the double cones.
The exact relationships of mentor/teacher and pupil/follower are often nebulous.
Most of the population lives on the mainland and on the island's central and northern parts.
The fishing boats, the lacemakers, the folklore, the cuisine and the colonial architecture contribute to the growing tourism and attracts resources that compensate for the lack of any large industry.
The seasons of the year are distinct, with a well-defined summer and winter, and characteristic weather for autumn and spring.
There is no dry season, and summer generally is the rainiest season.
This vegetation has an extremely diverse and unique mix of vegetation and forest types.
At this time a villa began to take form, slowly becoming a colonial settlement.
Its environmental restrictions on building and commercial development have been more or less strictly enforced, helping it to keep its original character.
But the local economy grew fivefold, and incomes grew in step.
Opportunity seekers, urban and rural, white collar and blue, poured in.
Of particular concern are the sewers, which often drain directly into the ocean, polluting the very beaches that attract so many visitors.
The area has the highest concentration of restaurants, bars, organic markets and shops.
The lagoon is surrounded by mountains and has a canal linking to the ocean.
The celebration dates to the colonial era and includes a parade, music, and street food.
There is a big paid parking lot, toilets, tourist coach parking lot, lifeguards, police station, handicraft shop, bars, restaurant and hotels.
The boards used in this sport can be rented on the spot.
It is not uncommon to see fishermen during the night tossing their nets in the lagoa to catch shrimp they sell to the fresh fish restaurants in this community.
In the winter, mullet fishing, religious celebrations and regional festivities are beautiful demonstrations of the local culture.
To practice it, one must have a lot of balance and rent a board.
It was from there that whale harpooners and crewmen confessed and attended the mass before going fishing.
Next, the priest would go down to the beach to bless the boats that would sail out to sea.
For those who are not interested in surfing, the beach offers other attractions.
The huge reflector that illuminates part of the large sand strip in front of the bars only contributes to the partying that extends far into the night.
The illumination favours both those who enjoy the merrymaking as well as the fishermen, who use the time to drag their nets in from the sea.
It is in the left hand corner, where bathers do not venture, that surfers practice their sport, sharing the space with fishermen.
Outdoor sports, including diving, hang gliding, rowing, paragliding, and mountain biking, as well as surfing, are popular on the island.
Roughly saying, the island can be divided in two sectors: in the north is the most visited side by tourists and because of that, the busiest and with the best services infrastructure.
In some quarters notice a strong influence in the population architecture and customs.
On days when one of the two the local football (soccer) teams plays at home in a stadium near the airport, traffic comes to a complete standstill, often preventing vehicles from departing the airport itself.
People with departing flights are well advised to check the local football schedule to ensure they arrive at the airport on time.
The project aims to provide bicycle infra-structure projects and promote bicycle use for leisure and transport in the city.
This led to a feud involving several families and to a lawsuit at the papal court.
The setlist was mainly made up of songs that had rarely been heard live before.
This includes their descriptions, physical and magical conditions, and native hazards.
With the rules governing inter-planar travel, characters can move from plane to plane via portals, elemental vortices, and astral conduits.
A vortex works like a doorway; a conduit is nothing more than a tunnel.
Wizard and priest spells are affected in different ways based on the caster's location.
He thought that what makes this work is the setting's focus on factions and their ideologies.
He complimented the set's distinctive graphic looks, from "the weathered-metal texture of the book covers to the bizarre headline typeface to the odd squiggles of brown and blue that are on nearly every page".
Characters take precedence over game systems, high adventure supplants the physics lessons.
Streamers of what look like paraelemental toilet paper break paragraphs into jagged chunks.
The quirky typeface [...] gives the text an unworldly feel.
Oversized quotations sprinkled throughout the chapters [...] inform as well as entertain.
Personal imaging is the continuous realtime capturing, archiving, recording, and sharing of personal experience through images.
Typically the images are accompanied by other media such as audiovisual streams, or with textual narratives such as diaries, and often in an interactive way, i.e.
My opinion was only that of an individual, to be taken for what it was worth.
Some even threatened to fast if he did not withdraw the word "clique".
You do not even consult us, but that has always been your way of life.
Separate ballot boxes were kept for candidates of different political parties.
The hall has a volleyball, badminton, basketball court and dance studios inside including an archery range, swimming pool and tennis court.
It is also used for concerts, theaters, exhibits and other university events such as the graduation ball and the university convocation for freshmen.
She was the first ship built by this ship yard.
This village-like section of the town is mostly made up of small houses built along narrow roads with gardens and small fields on the sides of the mountains.
Her recent research is based on economics and psychology, with application to credit and savings of household, and economics of education.
Published during his lifetime, it contains six suites for two violins and basso continuo.
We would like to apologise to all our fans and say a huge thank you for making this a truly unforgettable and amazing experience.
You were totally incredible and we are truly sorry that we cannot play some last shows for you guys.
This characteristic of the vector mesons is not at all evident in the pseudoscalar meson or scalar meson multiplets, and may be only slightly realized among the tensor meson and pseudovector meson multiplets.
This fact makes the vector mesons an excellent probe of the quark flavor content of other types of mesons, measured through the respective decay rates of non-vector mesons into the different types of vector mesons.
Such experiments are very revealing for theorists who seek to determine the flavor content of mixed state mesons.
At higher masses, the vector mesons include charm and bottom quarks in their structure.
In this realm, the radiative processes tend to stand out, with heavy tensor and scalar mesons decaying dominantly into vector mesons by photon emission.
Pseudovector mesons transition by a similar process into pseudoscalar mesons.
Because much of the spectrum of heavy mesons is tied by radiative processes to the vector mesons, one may think of vector mesons as forming a sort of backbone to the spectroscopy of mesons in general.
Some vector mesons can, compared to other mesons, be measured to a very high precision.
It was contested in two geographical divisions with eighteen teams in the south and nineteen in the north.
Lyrically, the song is a kiss-off to a narcissistic ex-lover who did the protagonist wrong.
It features a couple doing an interpretive dance on their house.
Just getting us together, you know, in the same room cause we did a lot of it separate.
The song stayed at the top of the chart the following two weeks.
Today the membership includes curators, interpreters, managers, history consultants, faculty members, students and a range of other history professionals as well as museums and historic sites and members of the general public.
The command staff includes a chief of police and four commanders, each responsible for a division, who are assisted by deputy commanders.
The area features "three spectacular emerald pools", used for swimming in the river.
Amenities include picnic sites and restrooms but no drinking water.
Amenities include picnic tables, a restroom, and access to the river and to hiking trails.
Trout fishing, best along the stream's upper reaches, is catch and release.
Generally brownish birds, the true woodcreepers maintain an upright vertical posture, supported by their specialized stiff tails.
However, woodcreepers often form part of the core group at the centre of flocks attending army ant swarms.
These birds can be difficult to identify in that they tend to have similar brown upperparts, and the more distinctive underparts are hard to see on a bird pressed against a trunk in deep forest shade.
The bill shape, extend/shape of spots/streaks, and call are useful aids to determining species.
Males tend to be slightly larger than females on average, but considerable overlap in size occurs in most species.
Bill size and shape accounts for much of the variation between the species.
Bills can be straight or highly decurved, and can account for as much as a quarter of the length of the bird (as happens in the long-billed woodcreeper).
The plumage is usually subdued and often brown, or sometimes rufous or other dark colours.
Many species have patterns such as checking, spotting, or barring on their plumage.
The feathers of the tail are rigid and are used for supporting the body when climbing tree trunks; the tail can support most of the body weight and birds that lose their tail find climbing difficult.
Woodcreepers climb by flexing their legs and hopping up the trunk.
The feet of the woodcreepers are also modified for climbing.
Woodcreepers are also characterized by a belly feather growth pattern not found in any other birds.
Other habitats used by the woodcreepers include pine-oak woodland, montane cloud forest, and pine forests.
A few species, like the scimitar-billed woodcreeper, inhabit savannah or other partly open environments.
Insects form the majority of the diet, with some spiders, centipedes, millipedes and even lizards being taken as well.
A few specimens collected by scientists had fruit or seeds in their stomachs, but plant material is not thought to be regularly taken by any species.
A few species forage on the ground, but most forage on the trunks of trees, on and on the underside of branches.
They are generally solitary or occur in pairs, but frequently join mixed-species feeding flocks.
The flocks they join are usually the lower level ones rather than canopy flocks, and are usually those insectivorous ones rather than frugivorous ones.
Prey is almost always obtained by moving up the trunk or branch, and there are two main foraging techniques, probing and sallying.
Probers investigate rough bark, mosses, masses of trapped dead leaves, bromeliads, and other areas where prey may be hiding, whereas those that sally launch into the air briefly to snatch prey that has been flushed by their movement.
Several species regularly attend swarms of army ants to catch prey flushed by the ants.
Although some analyses suggested that they are more closely related to the woodcreepers than to true furnariids, other studies have not found the same results.
Some previous results based on morphology were not supported by molecular data, mostly due to instances of convergent evolution in beak morphology.
Plumage patterns, on the other hand, are more in agreement with the molecular data.
Additionally, the species-level taxonomy of several groups requires further study.
Examples of "species" where vocal and morphological variations suggests that more than one species-level taxon could be involved are the curve-billed scythebill and the white-chinned, olivaceous, strong-billed and straight-billed woodcreepers.
She worked as a secretary for a company that manufactured ironing board covers.
It is mildly acidic and requires careful handling due to its propensity to cause chemical burns.
It is an important industrial commodity as a precursor to many materials and useful compounds.
It is primarily used to synthesize plastics and related materials.
The sodium salt of phenol, sodium phenoxide, is far more water-soluble.
One explanation for the increased acidity over alcohols is resonance stabilization of the phenoxide anion by the aromatic ring.
In this way, the negative charge on oxygen is delocalized on to the ortho and para carbon atoms.
In another explanation, increased acidity is the result of orbital overlap between the oxygen's lone pairs and the aromatic system.
The acidities of phenol and acetone enol diverge in the gas phase owing to the effects of solvation.
Phenolate esters are more stable toward hydrolysis than acid anhydrides and acyl halides but are sufficiently reactive under mild conditions to facilitate the formation of amide bonds.
Under normal circumstances, phenoxide is more reactive at the oxygen position, but the oxygen position is a "hard" nucleophile whereas the alpha-carbon positions tend to be "soft".
By this general approach, many groups can be appended to the ring, via halogenation, acylation, sulfonation, and other processes.
Aqueous solutions of phenol are weakly acidic and turn blue litmus slightly to red.
Phenol is easily neutralized by sodium hydroxide forming sodium phenate or phenolate, but being weaker than carbonic acid, it cannot be neutralized by sodium bicarbonate or sodium carbonate to liberate carbon dioxide.
Compared to most other processes, the cumene process uses relatively mild synthesis conditions, and relatively inexpensive raw materials.
However, to operate economically, there must be demand for both phenol, and the acetone by-product.
Partial hydrogenation of phenol gives cyclohexanone, a precursor to nylon.
Nonionic detergents are produced by alkylation of phenol to give the alkylphenols, e.g., nonylphenol, which are then subjected to ethoxylation.
Phenol is also a versatile precursor to a large collection of drugs, most notably aspirin but also many herbicides and pharmaceutical drugs.
Concentrated phenol liquids are commonly used for permanent treatment of ingrown toe and finger nails, a procedure known as a chemical matrixectomy.
Since that time it has become the chemical of choice for chemical matrixectomies performed by podiatrists.
Phenol is also used as a preservative in some vaccines.
It is a component of industrial paint strippers used in the aviation industry for the removal of epoxy, polyurethane and other chemically resistant coatings.
Phenol derivatives are also used in the preparation of cosmetics including sunscreens, hair colorings, and skin lightening preparations.
Coal tar remained the primary source until the development of the petrochemical industry.
Lister decided that the wounds themselves had to be thoroughly cleaned.
He then covered the wounds with a piece of rag or lint covered in phenol, or carbolic acid as he called it.
The skin irritation caused by continual exposure to phenol eventually led to the introduction of aseptic (anti-septic, germ-free) techniques in surgery.
He theorized that if germs could be killed or prevented, no infection would occur.
Lister reasoned that a chemical could be used to destroy the micro-organisms that cause infection.
Reapplying fresh bandages with diluted carbolic acid, the boy was able to walk home after about six weeks of treatment.
This compound is ingested from the plants the beaver eats.
This amount is different from and presumably higher than the amount in the distillate.
Its corrosive effect on skin and mucous membranes is due to a protein-degenerating effect.
Repeated or prolonged skin contact with phenol may cause dermatitis, or even second and third-degree burns.
The substance may cause harmful effects on the central nervous system and heart, resulting in dysrhythmia, seizures, and coma.
Long-term or repeated exposure of the substance may have harmful effects on the liver and kidneys.
There is no evidence that phenol causes cancer in humans.
Besides its hydrophobic effects, another mechanism for the toxicity of phenol may be the formation of phenoxyl radicals.
Since phenol is absorbed through the skin relatively quickly, systemic poisoning can occur in addition to the local caustic burns.
Removal of contaminated clothing is required, as well as immediate hospital treatment for large splashes.
Phenol is also a reproductive toxin causing increased risk of abortion and low birth weight indicating retarded development in utero.
Thus, phenols are a class of organic compounds of which the phenol discussed in this article is the simplest member.
In cryptography, the shrinking generator is a form of pseudorandom number generator intended to be used in a stream cipher.
Her approach to architecture is to build what is useful for the local community.
Often, to get supplies to the sites, they had to build airstrips as well.
The houses would allow tourists to live in an authentic dwelling and provide jobs for the indigenous population.
Previously, swimming had been forbidden to protect the archaeological heritage of the site, but with the building of the pools, the local community was able to improve employment of local inhabitants through the funds earned by tourism.
Blue is my colour: designing as an answer to nature (documentary film).
Early settlement was encouraged by building a community centre, church, school, postal centre and later, a railway station.
In the early days, growth was relatively slow due to the lack of population growth in the area.
The focus of the small community was based around its local town hall.
Residential growth in the second half of the century saw an end to the grazing paddocks and market gardens.
These products include urinary catheters, endotracheal tubes, central venous lines and other short term indwelling devices.
The company is dedicated to developing innovative works that explore theatrical language and form, fostering an artistic dialogue with audiences on the social, political, and human issues that affect us all.
Soon after, he loses his arm in a car accident, and he turns to hustling to survive.
The result was a new play about how we construct our own history.
Robeson was a scholar, an athlete, an activist, a vocalist, attorney of law, and a celebrated actor of stage and screen.
He was previously sought by animal rights groups for allegedly uploading videos of himself killing kittens.
Magnotta created many profiles on various internet social media and discussion forums over several years to plant a variety of claims about himself.
His boss became suspicious when he didn't show up for his shift the next day.
The perpetrator uses a knife and fork to cut off some of the flesh and gets a dog to chew on the body.
Canadian authorities obtained a "more extensive" version of the video and said cannibalism may have been performed.
The package was stained with blood and had a foul smell.
After searching the scene, police recovered human remains, bloody clothes, papers identifying the suspect, as well as "sharp and blunt objects" from the back alley.
Blood was found on different items including the mattress, the refrigerator, the table, and the bathtub.
I don't care" was written in red ink on the inside of a closet.
The other three packages also contained notes, but their contents were undisclosed by police, who cited their concerns about possible copycat crimes.
Pornographic magazines and an air-sickness bag were found in the hotel room.
Another man he stayed with for two nights did not realize who he was until he had left.
He tried giving fake names before admitting who he was.
There was sufficient evidence to keep him in custody until extradition, and he agreed to a simplified process.
A military transport was necessary due to safety concerns with using a commercial flight and potential legal difficulties if the plane was diverted to another country.
He had to serve half of the six-month sentence under house arrest.
Magnotta's defence team requested the media and the public be barred entirely from the hearing; this was declined the next day.
He pleaded not guilty, admitting to the acts of which he was accused but claiming diminished responsibility due to mental disorders.
On their eighth day of deliberation, they returned a verdict of guilty on all charges.
Magnotta filed an appeal for the convictions to be annulled and new trial ordered.
The friends believe that there is a heffalump in the woods.
Rabbit organizes an expedition to go try to catch it.
Roo wants to come along, but the others tell him he is too young and small to go.
Roo is afraid of his captive at first, but the two quickly become friends and play.
Lumpy uses his trunk to call to her, but it doesn't work.
Kanga, watching the two interact from behind a nearby tree, realizes that the heffalump is her son's friend.
Lumpy gets an idea, and tries call to his mother.
Lumpy's mother is very proud that he has learned how to call out to her.
Roo's other friends realize that the "monster" they were all afraid of was just a mother looking for her baby.
With the workshop's integrity and tradition over the years, it has become a rite of passage for the country's finest writers.
The number of applicants increases each year, and the works of writers who have passed through it continue to enrich our arts and letters.
It is mandated that all submissions of manuscripts are done anonymously.
Names of the author or aliases must not appear on any of the manuscripts to preserve the rigorous standards of the workshop's screening processes.
The river basin is noted for deposits of manganese and fuller's earth.
After a temporary retreat, the government attempted to restart the project, but the unions voted to reaffirm the ban.
The aggressive response led to a gradual retreat by the union leadership, under added pressure from the poor economic climate.
There were claims that some panel members changed their votes at the last minute under political pressure.
The campaign continued at the grassroots level, but the trade union leadership refused to seriously enforce construction bans.
Protesters clashed with police at the construction site, while campaign meetings continued to draw hundreds of workers and residents.
Nonetheless, with the union leadership refusing to enforce a picket or construction ban, construction went ahead.
It is expected to impact on emissions from power stations.
Her position is attacker, and she is considered an excellent perimeter shooter.
The overall gameplay consists of a five-minute match divided into two halves.
The game features a single-player campaign and online multiplayer mode.
There are a number of sponsorship tasks that can be completed on single-player or online matches, and reward a customization item for first-time completion, in addition to cash or follower boost.
The qualifications of each level are more difficult than the previous level.
The term black moon refers to an additional new moon that appears in a month or in a season.
It may also refer to the absence of a full moon or of a new moon in a month.
This is analogous to the by-month definition of a blue moon as the second full moon in a month.
February is too short for a second new moon to occur.
The assignment of a calendar date to a new moon, and in which month a second new moon occurs, depends on the time zone.
A season lasts about three months and usually has three new moons.
There is no dependency on time zones in this definition as the seasons are tied to the winter solstice.
As with the case of two new moons in a month, whether a black moon by this definition occurs depends on the time zone.
As with the case of two new moons in a month, whether a black moon by this definition occurs depends on the time zone.
Others do not believe any rituals or workings should be conducted at these times.
There is no single definition of the term "black moon".
There is no physical or geometric difference between a black moon and other instances of a new moon.
The exterior of the building is similar to any other trabeated building, exposing pilasters that carry the main cornices and parapets.
The interior was designed in a typical bank design of the time, with the ground floor being the main chamber and offices space.
It was paved in stone to differentiate the public and the private (tenants) spaces.
Offices and rooms for the clerks occupied the top floor.
It was a typical design move during that period, as constructing a new building was too expensive.
It was also built in the same materials as the previous two storeys.
The interior was fully renovated; a light well was put through the centre of the building, enabling skylight to puncture through to the main floor.
She had been prescribed citalopram (an antidepressant that has a possible side effect of increasing suicide risk in young people), methylphenidate, and the atypical antipsychotic ziprasidone.
She had been diagnosed with attention deficit disorder and depression, and had self-esteem issues regarding her weight.
She was described by her parents as a "bubbly, goofy" girl who enjoyed spending time with her friends and family.
Tina told her daughter to sign off, and went to the orthodontist.
She called her daughter to ask her if she signed off, and she didn't.
When her mother got home, she was furious that she hadn't signed off.
She was shocked at the vulgar language her daughter was firing back.
She told him about the trouble and went to her room.
Meier had hanged herself with a belt in the bedroom closet.
Once the story broke, it quickly spread to national and international news outlets.
He did not plan to interview her at a later date.
After reviewing the case, county prosecutors decided not to file any criminal charges in relation to the hoax.
In an interview, the reporter said that names had been withheld to protect the minor child in the family.
This is one of the first comprehensive cyberbullying and cyberstalking state laws that protects children and adults from harassment on social networking sites.
The forewings are white with an oblong lilac-fuscous patch extending over the basal third of the dorsum and at the base to the costa.
There is some lighter fuscous suffusion, consisting of four transverse subconfluent clouds, occupying the dorsal area from this to near the tornus, and reaching the fold.
A small fuscous spot is found in the disc at one-third and there is a roundish blotch of light fuscous suffusion in the disc before the middle, nearly reaching the costa, edged posteriorly by a light ochreous bar preceded by some darker fuscous markings.
The second discal stigma is greyish-ochreous, from just beyond this a thick light greyish-ochreous shade to the dorsum, and above this a small spot on the costa.
The hindwings are light grey, with the apical area broadly white.
The presence of a conflict of interest is independent of the occurrence of impropriety.
Therefore, a conflict of interest can be discovered and voluntarily defused before any corruption occurs.
A conflict of interest exists if the circumstances are reasonably believed (on the basis of past experience and objective evidence) to create a risk that a decision may be unduly influenced by other, secondary interests, and not on whether a particular individual is actually influenced by a secondary interest.
Primary interest refers to the principal goals of the profession or activity, such as the protection of clients, the health of patients, the integrity of research, and the duties of public officer.
Secondary interest includes personal benefit and is not limited to only financial gain but also such motives as the desire for professional advancement, or the wish to do favours for family and friends.
These secondary interests are not treated as wrong in and of themselves, but become objectionable when they are believed to have greater weight than the primary interests.
Conflict of interest rules in the public sphere mainly focus on financial relationships since they are relatively more objective, fungible, and quantifiable, and usually involve the political, legal, and medical fields.
Applicable statutes or canons of ethics may provide standards for recusal in a given proceeding or matter.
Providing that the judge or presiding officer must be free from disabling conflicts of interest makes the fairness of the proceedings less likely to be questioned.
In the legal profession, the duty of loyalty owed to a client prohibits an attorney (or a law firm) from representing any other party with interests adverse to those of a current client.
The few exceptions to this rule require informed written consent from all affected clients, i.e., an "ethical wall".
In some circumstances, a conflict of interest can never be waived by a client.
In perhaps the most common example encountered by the general public, the same firm should not represent both parties in a divorce or child custody matter.
Found conflict can lead to denial or disgorgement of legal fees, or in some cases (such as the failure to make mandatory disclosure), criminal proceedings.
Law firms often employ software in conjunction with their case management and accounting systems in order to meet their duties to monitor their conflict of interest exposure and to assist in obtaining waivers.
Depending upon the law or rules related to a particular organization, the existence of a conflict of interest may not, in and of itself, be evidence of wrongdoing.
In fact, for many professionals, it is virtually impossible to avoid having conflicts of interest from time to time.
A conflict of interest can, however, become a legal matter, for example, when an individual tries (and/or succeeds in) influencing the outcome of a decision, for personal benefit.
A director or executive of a corporation will be subject to legal liability if a conflict of interest breaches his/her duty of loyalty.
Someone accused of a conflict of interest may deny that a conflict exists because he/she did not act improperly.
In fact, a conflict of interest can exist even if there are no improper acts as a result of it.
Such competing interests can make it difficult to fulfill his or her duties impartially.
A conflict of interest exists even if no unethical or improper act results.
A conflict of interest can create an appearance of impropriety that can undermine confidence in the internal auditor, the internal audit activity, and the profession.
A conflict of interest could impair an individual's ability to perform his or her duties and responsibilities objectively.
Corporations may develop simple or complex systems to mitigate the risk or perceived risk of a conflict of interest.
Outside employment, in which the interests of one job conflict with another.
Nepotism, in which a spouse, child, or other close relative is employed (or applies for employment) by an individual, or where goods or services are purchased from a relative or from a firm controlled by a relative.
To avoid nepotism in hiring, many employment applications ask if the applicant is related to a current employee of the company.
This allows recusal if the employed relative has a role in the hiring process.
If this is the case, the relative could then recuse from any hiring decisions.
Gifts from friends who also do business with the person receiving the gifts or from individuals or corporations who do business with the organization in which the gift recipient is employed.
Such gifts may include non-tangible things of value such as transportation and lodging.
Pump and dump, in which a stock broker who owns a security artificially inflates the price by "upgrading" it or spreading rumors, sells the security and adds short position, then "downgrades" the security or spreads negative rumors to push the price down.
Other improper acts that are sometimes classified as conflicts of interests may have better classification.
For example, accepting bribes can be classified as corruption, use of government or corporate property or assets for personal use is fraud, and unauthorized distribution of confidential information is a security breach.
Nevertheless, this denotation of conflict of interest is not generally seen.
However, it does raise questions about the validity of the industry-funded studies specifically, because the researchers conducting those studies have a conflict of interest; they are subject at minimum to a natural human inclination to please the people who paid for their work.
If any organization, such as a corporation or government bureaucracy, is asked to eliminate unethical behavior within their own group, it may be in their interest in the short run to eliminate the appearance of unethical behavior, rather than the behavior itself, by keeping any ethical breaches hidden, instead of exposing and correcting them.
An exception occurs when the ethical breach is already known by the public.
In that case, it could be in the group's interest to end the ethical problem to which the public has knowledge, but keep remaining breaches hidden.
It is in the best interest of the insurance companies that the very smallest settlement is reached with its claimants.
Based on the adjuster's experience and knowledge of the insurance policy it is very easy for the adjuster to convince an unknowing claimant to settle for less than what they may otherwise be entitled which could be a larger settlement.
There is always a very good chance of a conflict of interest to exist when one adjuster tries to represent both sides of a financial transaction such as an insurance claim.
This problem is exacerbated when the claimant is told, or believes, the insurance company's claims adjuster is fair and impartial enough to satisfy both theirs and the insurance company's interests.
These types of conflicts could easily be avoided by the use of disclosures.
However, this becomes an incentive for him to purchase inexpensive, substandard equipment.
Therefore, this is counter to the interests of those in his company who must actually use the equipment.
Public officials are expected to put service to the public and their constituents ahead of their personal interests.
Conflict of interest rules are intended to prevent officials from making decisions in circumstances that could reasonably be perceived as violating this duty of office.
Rules in the executive branch tend to be stricter and easier to enforce than in the legislative branch.
Two problems make legislative ethics of conflicts difficult and distinctive.
Legislators cannot adequately represent the interests of constituents without also representing some of their own.
The problem is to distinguish special interests from the general interests of all constituents.
Second, the "political interests" of legislatures include campaign contributions which they need to get elected, and which are generally not illegal and not the same as a bribe.
But under many circumstances they can have the same effect.
Candidates are often not considered "credible" unless they have a campaign budget far beyond what could reasonably be raised from citizens of ordinary means.
The impact of this money can be found in many places, most notably in studies of how campaign contributions affect legislative behavior.
Lessig notes that clients who pay tens of millions of dollars to lobbyists typically receive billions.
Lessig insists that this does not mean that any legislator has sold his or her vote.
He notes that if any money perverts democracy, it is the large contributions beyond the budgets of citizens of ordinary means; small contributions from common citizens have long been considered supporting of democracy.
When such large sums become virtually essential to a politician's future, it generates a substantive conflict of interest contributing to a fairly well documented distortion on the nation's priorities and policies.
Beyond this, governmental officials, whether elected or not, often leave public service to work for companies affected by legislation they helped enact or companies they used to regulate or companies affected by legislation they helped enact.
Former legislators and regulators are accused of (a) using inside information for their new employers or (b) compromising laws and regulations in hopes of securing lucrative employment in the private sector.
This possibility creates a conflict of interest for all public officials whose future may depend on the revolving door.
Some of this increase is doubtless due to increased efficiency from banking consolidation and innovations in new financial products that benefit consumers.
They did this in part by innovating to make consumer financial products like retail banking services and home mortgages as complicated as possible to make it easy for them to charge higher fees.
Consumers who shop carefully for financial services typically find better options than the primary offerings of the major banks.
This explains part of this increase in financial industry profits.
There is hardly any place outside politics with such a high return on investment in such a short time.
This documentary focused on conflicts that may arise when economists publish results or provide public recommendation on topics that affect industries or companies with which they have financial links.
Backers argue such disclosures will help restore faith in the profession by increasing transparency which will help in assessing economists' advice.
A conflict of interest exists when a party to a transaction could potentially make a gain from taking actions that are detrimental to the other party in the transaction.
There are many types of conflicts of interest such as a pump and dump by stockbrokers.
This is when a stockbroker who owns a security artificially inflates the price by upgrading it or spreading rumors, and then sells the security and adds short position.
They will then downgrade the security or spread negative rumors to push the price back down.
It is a conflict of interest because the stockbrokers are concealing and manipulating information to make it misleading for the buyers.
The broker may claim to have the "inside" information about impending news and will urge buyers to buy the stock quickly.
Investors will buy the stock, which creates a high demand and raises the prices.
This rise in prices can entice more people to believe the hype and then buy shares as well.
The stockbrokers will then sell their shares and stop promoting, the price will drop, and other investors are left holding stock that is worth nothing compared to what they paid for it.
In this way, brokers use their knowledge and position to gain personally at the expense of others.
Most media, when reporting a story which involves a parent company or a subsidiary, will explicitly report this fact as part of the story, in order to alert the audience that their reporting has the potential for bias due to the possibility of a conflict of interest.
The business model of commercial media organizations (i.e., any that accept advertising) is selling behavior change in their audience to advertisers.
However, few in their audience are aware of the conflict of interest between the profit motive and the altruistic desire to serve the public and "give the audience what it wants".
Many major advertisers test their ads in various ways to measure the return on investment in advertising.
Murdoch had a conflict of interest between the reality of his market and his finances.
Commercial media organizations lose money if they provide content that offends either their audience or their advertisers.
If the media provide too much information on how congress spends its time, a major advertiser could be offended and could reduce their advertising expenditures with the offending media company; indeed, this is one of the ways the market system has determined which companies won and which either went out of business or were purchased by others in this media consolidation.
Advertisers have been known to fund media organizations with editorial policies they find offensive if that media outlet provides access to a sufficiently attractive audience segment they cannot efficiently reach otherwise.
Election years are a major boon to commercial broadcasters, because virtually all political advertising is purchased with minimal advance planning, paying therefore the highest rates.
The commercial media have a conflict of interest in anything that could make it easier for candidates to get elected with less money.
Accompanying this trend in media consolidation has been a substantial reduction in investigative journalism, reflecting this conflict of interest between the business objectives of the commercial media and the public's need to know what government is doing in their name.
To cite only one example, researchers have tied this decline in investigative journalism to an increased coverage of the "police blotter".
Beyond this, virtually all commercial media companies own substantial quantities of copyrighted material.
This gives them an inherent conflict of interest in any public policy issue affecting copyrights.
One result of this is that "the people cease to have a means of clarifying social priorities and organizing social reform".
This resignation was stated to have taken place in order to avoid the appearance of conflict of interest.
It is disputed whether this really removes the conflict of interest, however.
Certain professionals are required either by rules related to their professional organization, or by statute, to disclose any actual or potential conflicts of interest.
In some instances, the failure to provide full disclosure is a crime.
However, there is limited evidence regarding the effect of conflict of interest disclosure despite its widespread acceptance.
However, there were no changes in the perceptions of students about the value of disclosure, the influence of industry relationships on educational content, or the instruction by faculty with relevant conflicts of interest.
And, an increasing line of research suggests that disclosure can have "perverse effects" or, at least, is not the panacea regulators often take it to be.
The imperative for recusal varies depending upon the circumstance and profession, either as common sense ethics, codified ethics, or by statute.
For example, if the governing board of a government agency is considering hiring a consulting firm for some task, and one firm being considered has, as a partner, a close relative of one of the board's members, then that board member should not vote on which firm is to be selected.
In fact, to minimize any conflict, the board member should not participate in any way in the decision, including discussions.
Judges are supposed to recuse themselves from cases when personal conflicts of interest may arise.
For example, if a judge has participated in a case previously in some other judicial role he/she is not allowed to try that case.
Recusal is also expected when one of the lawyers in a case might be a close personal friend, or when the outcome of the case might affect the judge directly, such as whether a car maker is obliged to recall a model that a judge drives.
Obviously it is improper (and, typically, illegal) for the majority owner to simply state a price and then have the (majority-controlled) board of directors approve that price.
What is typically done is to hire an independent firm (a third party), well-qualified to evaluate such matters, to calculate a "fair price", which is then voted on by the minority shareholders.
Third-party evaluations may also be used as proof that transactions were, in fact, fair ("arm's-length").
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Nine tainter gates and one sluice gate control the flow over water down the spillway.
The headrace (or water inlet) for the powerhouse and the powerhouse itself are on the north side of the dam.
The large stream creates significant undertow and turbulence, which is not easily seen by boaters approaching from either side of the confluence of the two waterways.
The geographic boundaries of the county have changed significantly since its founding.
The county government has historically labeled the beach areas differently.
This means a humid subtropical climate with hot, humid summers.
During the dry season, periods of drought often occur, and can lead to a persistent and high wild land fire threat.
Because of the threat of storm surge, the beach community on the barrier island is often required to evacuate well in advance of the storm.
Tornado-like eddies spinning off from even small storms can result in severe damage in small areas.
Motorists, usually, encounter swarms of these while driving during a four-week period.
The poisonous brown recluse spider is not native to the area but has found the environment congenial.
Fish and reptiles include alligators, red snapper, sea turtles, scrub lizards, and rat snakes.
The county's most common winter bird is the lesser scaup, a diving duck.
Fall migration tends to be stronger than spring because birds typically take different flyways.
Northward these may compete with salt marshes moving in from the north, depending on the annual weather conditions.
Criteria were integration of neighborhoods, income, and the quality of schools minorities attend.
Police chiefs, appointed by their cities or towns, perform the same function locally.
This has resulted in the county and seven cities having a boat or access to one to aid boaters, or to enforce the law in the water in their jurisdiction.
The sheriff solved the problem by the construction of a large but less expensive "hardened tent" to house non-violent offenders.
The county jail retains inmates awaiting trial or those who have been sentenced to a year or less.
This provides advocates to alleged victims of violent crime and their families.
The advocate helps the family understand the legal system as they navigate through it.
They also seek out financial assistance or counseling they might need.
Traditionally, emphasis was placed on monitoring the content of containerized cargo on incoming ships, as well as underwater inspection of arriving ships that could be carrying explosive devices.
Where available, residents were obligated to hook into the system.
Nearly half the homes in the county were worth less than their mortgages.
Factors evaluated included cost of living, weather, the number of doctors, taxes, crime rates and recreational opportunities.
There are seven cruise lines, with six major cruise terminals.
They are funded from real estate taxes in the affected area.
The restored area is a tourist attraction and an economic magnet.
Brevard has five judged art festivals annually attracting tens of thousands of people to art displays.
Most festivals are held in the spring or fall when many tourists can attend.
Many other annual festivals are held in parks and public sites throughout the year.
It evaluated nine areas: business dynamism/vitality, competitiveness, education, economic growth, economic prosperity, livability, productivity/labor supply, technology and innovation/work force.
While the county does well against national figures, and scored high in livability, it usually ranked last against these "peers" in the other eight areas.
Basically, these people often found the area "boring", mainly because it is family-friendly at the expense of being singles-friendly.
While this may have labor repercussions later, currently business is having no problems hiring.
It has three adult daycare service locations and often provides transportation and funding.
Municipalities and the county contract separately for the pickup and transportation of waste, for which businesses and homeowners pay a separate monthly fee.
Items are permanent reminders of our nation's history, as well as a memorial to military veterans.
He mostly plays as a right defender, but is also useful as a winger or central midfielder.
A hot summer withered most of his planting because the irrigation system failed.
He enlarged the embankment and terrace at the palace with surrounding terraces.
In the pleasure ground below the palace, started by his predecessor, curved promenade paths were laid out and the flower beds were decorated with borders of coloured pottery.
During individual phases of the park's development, artificial lakes were established.
The border zone was out of bounds and became overgrown.
Many residents feel that the park authority is far too restrictive.
This is mainly due to the strict ban on using the parkland for games.
There are several initiatives that are trying to persuade the authorities to accede to the wishes of the local residents.
It is poisonous to some mammals, and is a potential seed crop contaminant.
The objective of this network and its partner members is to be the leader in international university collaboration, beyond academic boundaries.
Despite having a very low energy-to-weight ratio and a low energy-to-volume ratio, its ability to supply high surge currents means that the cells have a relatively large power-to-weight ratio.
These features, along with their low cost, make them attractive for use in motor vehicles to provide the high current required by automobile starter motors.
For these roles, modified versions of the standard cell may be used to improve storage times and reduce maintenance requirements.
His batteries were first used to power the lights in train carriages while stopped at a station.
Using a gel electrolyte instead of a liquid allows the battery to be used in different positions without leakage.
The discharge process is driven by the conduction of electrons from the negative plate back into the cell at the positive plate in the external circuit.
The hydrogen ions screen the charged electrode from the solution which limits further reactions unless charge is allowed to flow out of electrode.
Overcharging with high charging voltages generates oxygen and hydrogen gas by electrolysis of water, which is lost to the cell.
The design of some types of lead-acid battery allow the electrolyte level to be inspected and topped up with any water that has been lost.
Due to the freezing-point depression of the electrolyte, as the battery discharges and the concentration of sulfuric acid decreases, the electrolyte is more likely to freeze during winter weather when discharged.
Since the density is greater when the sulfuric acid concentration is higher, the liquid will tend to circulate by convection.
Therefore, a liquid-medium cell tends to rapidly discharge and rapidly charge more efficiently than an otherwise similar gel cell.
It is relatively simple to determine the state of charge by merely measuring the specific gravity of the electrolyte; the specific gravity falls as the battery discharges.
Some battery designs include a simple hydrometer using colored floating balls of differing density.
When used in diesel-electric submarines, the specific gravity was regularly measured and written on a blackboard in the control room to indicate how much longer the boat could remain submerged.
The battery's open-circuit voltage can also be used to gauge the state of charge.
If the connections to the individual cells are accessible, then the state of charge of each cell can be determined which can provide a guide as to the state of health of the battery as a whole, otherwise the overall battery voltage may be assessed.
Note that neither technique gives any indication of charge capacity, only charge level.
Charge capacity of any rechargeable battery will decline with age and usage, meaning that it may no longer be fit for purpose even when nominally fully charged.
Other tests, usually involving current drain, are used to determine the residual charge capacity of a battery.
However, such a construction produces only around one ampere for roughly postcard-sized plates, and for only a few minutes.
The cells initially had low capacity, so a slow process of "forming" was required to corrode the lead foils, creating lead dioxide on the plates and roughening them to increase surface area.
The curing process caused the paste to change to a mixture of lead sulfates which adhered to the lead plate.
Then, during the battery's initial charge (called "formation") the cured paste on the plates was converted into electrochemically active material (the "active mass").
Faure's method is still in use today, with only incremental improvements to paste composition, curing (which is still done with steam, but is now a very tightly controlled process), and structure and composition of the grid to which the paste is applied.
In contrast, present-day grids are structured for improved mechanical strength and improved current flow.
In addition to different grid patterns (ideally, all points on the plate are equidistant from the power conductor), modern-day processes also apply one or two thin fibre-glass mats over the grid to distribute the weight more evenly.
However, high-antimony grids have higher hydrogen evolution (which also accelerates as the battery ages), and thus greater outgassing and higher maintenance costs.
These metallurgical improvements give the grid more strength, which allows it carry more weight, i.e.
High-antimony alloy grids are still used in batteries intended for frequent cycling, e.g.
Lead-calcium alloy grids are cheaper to manufacture (the cells thus have lower up-front costs), and have a lower self-discharge rate, and lower watering requirements, but have slightly poorer conductivity, are mechanically weaker (and thus require more antimony to compensate), and are strongly subject to corrosion (and thus a shorter lifespan) than cells with lead-selenium alloy grids.
The open circuit effect is also known as the antimony free effect.
Modern-day paste contains carbon black, blanc fixe (barium sulfate) and lignosulfonate.
The blanc fixe must be fully dispersed in the paste in order for it to be effective.
The long crystals have more surface area and are easily converted back to the original state on charging.
Carbon black counteracts the effect of inhibiting formation caused by the lignosulfonates.
Sulfonated naphthalene condensate dispersant is a more effective expander than lignosulfonate and speeds up formation.
This dispersant improves dispersion of barium sulfate in the paste, reduces hydroset time, produces a more breakage-resistant plate, reduces fine lead particles and thereby improves handling and pasting characteristics.
Sulfonated naphthalene requires about one-third to one-half the amount of lignosulfonate and is stable to higher temperatures.
Once dry, the plates are stacked with suitable separators and inserted in a cell container.
The alternate plates then constitute alternating positive and negative electrodes, and within the cell are later connected to one another (negative to negative, positive to positive) in parallel.
The separators inhibit the plates from touching each other, which would otherwise constitute a short circuit.
In flooded and gel cells, the separators are insulating rails or studs, formerly of glass or ceramic, and now of plastic.
In multi-cell batteries, the cells are then connected to one another in series, either through connectors through the cell walls, or by a bridge over the cell walls.
All intra-cell and inter-cell connections are of the same lead alloy as that used in the grids.
So-called "deep cycle" batteries employ a different geometry for their positive electrodes.
In this geometry, the positive electrode is not a flat plate but a row of lead-oxide cylinders or tubes strung side by side (hence the term "tubular" or "cylindrical" batteries for this geometry).
The advantage of this geometry is an increased surface area in contact with the electrolyte, which in turn allows higher discharge/charge currents than a flat-plate cell of the same volume and depth-of-charge.
Tubular-electrode cells thus exhibit a higher power density than flat-plate cells.
This makes tubular/cylindrical geometry plates especially suitable for high-current applications with storage weight/space limitations, such as for forklifts or for starting marine diesel engines.
However, because tubes/cylinders have less active material in the same volume, they also have a lower energy density than flat-plate cells.
And, less active material at the electrode also means they have less material available to shed before the cell becomes unusable.
Tubular/cylindrical electrodes are also more complicated to manufacture uniformly, which tends to make them more expensive than flat-plate cells.
These trade-offs limit the range of applications in which tubular/cylindrical batteries are meaningful to situations where there is insufficient space to install higher capacity (and thus larger) flat-plate units.
Separators obstruct the flow of ions between the plates and increase the internal resistance of the cell.
Wood was the original choice, but deteriorated in the acid electrolyte.
Rubber separators are stable in battery acid and provide valuable electrochemical advantages that other materials cannot.
An effective separator must possess a number of mechanical properties; such as permeability, porosity, pore size distribution, specific surface area, mechanical design and strength, electrical resistance, ionic conductivity, and chemical compatibility with the electrolyte.
In service, the separator must have good resistance to acid and oxidation.
The area of the separator must be a little larger than the area of the plates to prevent material shorting between the plates.
The separators must remain stable over the battery's operating temperature range.
There is only enough electrolyte in the mat to keep it wet, and if the battery is punctured the electrolyte will not flow out of the mats.
Likewise, the mat greatly reduces evaporation, to the point that the batteries do not require periodic refilling of the water.
This combination of features allows the battery to be completely sealed, which makes them useful in portable devices and similar roles.
To reduce the water loss rate calcium is alloyed with the plates, however gas build-up remains a problem when the battery is deeply or rapidly charged or discharged.
This allows the plate stack to be compressed together in the battery shell, slightly increasing energy density compared to liquid or gel versions.
The mat also prevents the vertical motion of the electrolyte within the battery.
When a normal wet cell is stored in a discharged state, the heavier acid molecules tend to settle to the bottom of the battery, causing the electrolyte to stratify.
When the battery is then used, the majority of the current flows only in this area, and the bottom of the plates tend to wear out rapidly.
This is one of the reasons a conventional car battery can be ruined by leaving it stored for a long period and then used and recharged.
The mat significantly prevents this stratification, eliminating the need to periodically shake the batteries, boil them, or run an "equalization charge" through them to mix the electrolyte.
Hydrogen gas will even diffuse right through the plastic case itself.
When a lead-acid battery loses water, its acid concentration increases, increasing the corrosion rate of the plates significantly.
Such designs are even less susceptible to evaporation and are often used in situations where little or no periodic maintenance is possible.
The only downside to the gel design is that the gel prevents rapid motion of the ions in the electrolyte, which reduces carrier mobility and thus surge current capability.
For this reason, gel cells are most commonly found in energy storage applications like off-grid systems.
However, it is quite common to find resources stating that these terms refer to one or another of these designs, specifically.
Wet cell stand-by (stationary) batteries designed for deep discharge are commonly used in large backup power supplies for telephone and computer centres, grid energy storage, and off-grid household electric power systems.
Traction (propulsion) batteries are used in golf carts and other battery electric vehicles.
Large lead-acid batteries are also used to power the electric motors in diesel-electric (conventional) submarines when submerged, and are used as emergency power on nuclear submarines as well.
Portable batteries for miners' cap lamps headlamps typically have two or three cells.
They have a large number of thin plates designed for maximum surface area, and therefore maximum current output, but which can easily be damaged by deep discharge.
Repeated deep discharges will result in capacity loss and ultimately in premature failure, as the electrodes disintegrate due to mechanical stresses that arise from cycling.
Starting batteries kept on continuous float charge will have corrosion in the electrodes which will result in premature failure.
Starting batteries should be kept open circuit but charged regularly (at least once every two weeks) to prevent sulfation.
Starting batteries are lighter weight than deep cycle batteries of the same battery dimensions, because the cell plates do not extend all the way to the bottom of the battery case.
This allows loose disintegrated lead to fall off the plates and collect under the cells, to prolong the service life of the battery.
If this loose debris rises high enough it can touch the plates and lead to failure of a cell, resulting in loss of battery voltage and capacity.
These batteries have thicker plates that can deliver less peak current, but can withstand frequent discharging.
Some batteries are designed as a compromise between starter (high-current) and deep cycle batteries.
They are able to be discharged to a greater degree than automotive batteries, but less so than deep cycle batteries.
They may be referred to as "marine/motorhome" batteries, or "leisure batteries".
When a battery is charged or discharged, only the reacting chemicals, which are at the interface between the electrodes and the electrolyte, are initially affected.
With time, the charge stored in the chemicals at the interface, often called "interface charge" or "surface charge", spreads by diffusion of these chemicals throughout the volume of the active material.
If it then is given a fast charge for only a few minutes, the battery plates charge only near the interface between the plates and the electrolyte.
In this case the battery voltage might rise to a value near that of the charger voltage; this causes the charging current to decrease significantly.
After a few hours this interface charge will spread to the volume of the electrode and electrolyte; this leads to an interface charge so low that it may be insufficient to start the car.
Leakage is minimal, although some electrolyte still escapes if the recombination cannot keep up with gas evolution.
This can be detected by taking regular internal resistance, conductance or impedance measurements.
Regular testing reveals whether more involved testing and maintenance is required.
Recent maintenance procedures have been developed allowing "rehydration", often restoring significant amounts of lost capacity.
They are also popular in stationary applications such as telecommunications sites, due to their small footprint and installation flexibility.
Lead and lead dioxide, the active materials on the battery's plates, react with sulfuric acid in the electrolyte to form lead sulfate.
The lead sulfate first forms in a finely divided, amorphous state, and easily reverts to lead, lead dioxide and sulfuric acid when the battery recharges.
As batteries cycle through numerous discharges and charges, some lead sulfate is not recombined into electrolyte and slowly converts to a stable crystalline form that no longer dissolves on recharging.
Thus, not all the lead is returned to the battery plates, and the amount of usable active material necessary for electricity generation declines over time.
It impedes recharging; sulfate deposits ultimately expand, cracking the plates and destroying the battery.
Eventually so much of the battery plate area is unable to supply current that the battery capacity is greatly reduced.
In addition, the sulfate portion (of the lead sulfate) is not returned to the electrolyte as sulfuric acid.
It is believed that large crystals physically block the electrolyte from entering the pores of the plates.
Sulfation can be avoided if the battery is fully recharged immediately after a discharge cycle.
A white coating on the plates may be visible (in batteries with clear cases, or after dismantling the battery).
Batteries that are sulfated show a high internal resistance and can deliver only a small fraction of normal discharge current.
Sulfation also affects the charging cycle, resulting in longer charging times, less efficient and incomplete charging, and higher battery temperatures.
Deep cycle and motive power batteries are subjected to regular controlled overcharging, eventually failing due to corrosion of the positive plate grids rather than sulfation.
There are no known, independently verified ways to reverse sulfation.
There are commercial products claiming to achieve desulfation through various techniques (such as pulse charging), but there are no peer-reviewed publications verifying their claims.
Sulfation prevention remains the best course of action, by periodically fully charging the lead-acid batteries.
Sulfuric acid has a higher density than water, which causes the acid formed at the plates during charging to flow downward and collect at the bottom of the battery.
Eventually the mixture will again reach uniform composition by diffusion, but this is a very slow process.
Repeated cycles of partial charging and discharging will increase stratification of the electrolyte, reducing the capacity and performance of the battery because the lack of acid on top limits plate activation.
The stratification also promotes corrosion on the upper half of the plates and sulfation at the bottom.
Periodic overcharging creates gaseous reaction products at the plate, causing convection currents which mix the electrolyte and resolve the stratification.
Mechanical stirring of the electrolyte would have the same effect.
Batteries in moving vehicles are also subject to sloshing and splashing in the cells, as the vehicle accelerates, brakes, and turns.
Catalytic caps are available for flooded cells to recombine hydrogen and oxygen.
If this happens (for example, on overcharging) the valve vents the gas and normalizes the pressure, producing a characteristic acid smell.
However, valves can fail, such as if dirt and debris accumulate, allowing pressure to build up.
Accumulated hydrogen and oxygen sometimes ignite in an internal explosion.
The force of the explosion can cause the battery's casing to burst, or cause its top to fly off, spraying acid and casing fragments.
An explosion in one cell may ignite any combustible gas mixture in the remaining cells.
Similarly, in a poorly ventilated area, connecting or disconnecting a closed circuit (such as a load or a charger) to the battery terminals can also cause sparks and an explosion, if any gas was vented from the cells.
Individual cells within a battery can also short circuit, causing an explosion.
The deformation varies from cell to cell, and is greater at the ends where the walls are unsupported by other cells.
Personnel working near batteries at risk for explosion should protect their eyes and exposed skin from burns due to spraying acid and fire by wearing a face shield, overalls, and gloves.
Using goggles instead of a face shield sacrifices safety by leaving the face exposed to possible flying acid, case or battery fragments, and heat from a potential explosion.
Long-term exposure to even tiny amounts of these compounds can cause brain and kidney damage, hearing impairment, and learning problems in children.
Attempts are being made to develop alternatives (particularly for automotive use) because of concerns about the environmental consequences of improper disposal and of lead smelting operations, among other reasons.
Alternatives are unlikely to displace them for applications such as engine starting or backup power systems, since the batteries, although heavy, are low-cost.
An effective pollution control system is a necessity to prevent lead emission.
Continuous improvement in battery recycling plants and furnace designs is required to keep pace with emission standards for lead smelters.
Epsom salts reduces the internal resistance in a weak or damaged battery and may allow a small amount of extended life.
The active materials change physical form during charge/discharge, resulting in growth and distortion of the electrodes, and shedding of electrode into the electrolyte.
Once the active material has fallen out of the plates, it cannot be restored into position by any chemical treatment.
Similarly, internal physical problems such as cracked plates, corroded connectors, or damaged separators cannot be restored chemically.
Corrosion on the positive terminal is caused by electrolysis, due to a mismatch of metal alloys used in the manufacture of the battery terminal and cable connector.
Corrosion of a battery's terminals can be reduced by coating the terminals with petroleum jelly or a commercially available product made for the purpose.
If the battery is over-filled with water and electrolyte, thermal expansion can force some of the liquid out of the battery vents onto the top of the battery.
This solution can then react with the lead and other metals in the battery connector and cause corrosion.
The electrolyte can seep from the plastic-to-lead seal where the battery terminals penetrate the plastic case.
Acid fumes that vaporize through the vent caps, often caused by overcharging, and insufficient battery box ventilation can allow the sulfuric acid fumes to build up and react with the exposed metals.
Surplus ammonia and water evaporate, leaving an ammonium sulfate residue.
Sodium bicarbonate (baking soda) is also commonly used for this purpose.
Some vendors append a suffix, indicating the terminal types, terminal locations, and battery dimensions.
Crowds all over the world flock to experience his pioneering, surprising, captivating and energetic uplifting sets, that keeps them craving for more, and provides him the true & well-earned worldwide recognition.
Always trying to bring something new & refreshing to the dance scene, he keeps on looking & moving forward, re-inventing his unique sound along the way.
The book details a fictional account of the future of space travel, specifically space tourism.
Overall, the book heavily supports the view that tourism is needed to drive the space industry.
The purpose of this bomb was to wipe out the current network of satellites, apparently in an attempt to cash in with their new presence in space exploration.
The rescue is a success, and the whole crew returns as heroes.
How a person identifies with his-or-herself changes after a lower limb amputation affects body image, functioning, awareness, and future projections.
This serves as evidence that the brain is hard-wired to perceive body image, making it notable that sensory input and proprioceptive feedback are not essential in its formation.
Losing an anatomical part through amputation sets a person up for complex perceptual, emotional, and psychological responses.
Such responses include phantom limb pain, which is the painful feeling some amputees incur after amputation in the area lost.
Phantom limb pain permits a natural acceptance and use of prosthetic limbs.
This had the effect of making the dominions fully sovereign nations.
Within dominions, such oaths were taken by parliamentarians personally towards the monarch.
That second fidelity element, however, was qualified in two ways.
He was advised by senior law officers and other constitutional experts that, as the crown and governor-generalship existed separately from the constitution in a vast number of acts, charters, orders-in-council, and letters patent, they both still existed.
The studio's material is controversial, with its films often featuring erotic humiliation and rough sex.
The defendants faced a maximum sentence of five years for each of the obscenity counts.
In his opening arguments at the trial, the prosecutor cited "the sacred place of mothers in society", in reference to the treatment of the film's actresses.
Cast interviews demonstrating that actresses appearing in roles that simulated abuse or degradation did so willingly played a role in the acquittal.
He includes it as an example of pornography which he alleges is dangerous and denigrates women, as the actresses appear to be in pain in the film.
Although she initially agreed to be hit on the head during the scene, she claimed to have misunderstood exactly how physical the scene would be.
Malice says consumer demand for extreme content has been driven by an excess of vanilla sex content, produced by more mainstream studios.
Registration remains voluntary, however, and requires documentation that displaced persons may lack.
This process has led to the homogenization of communities in the capital city and throughout the country.
The homogenization of neighborhoods along ethnic or sectarian lines may also contribute to the reluctance on the part of former inhabitants to return to the communities from which they fled.
Many have also had their homes destroyed or occupied by others and must find alternative sources of shelter for themselves and their families.
In many neighborhoods, access to essential services such as clean water, electricity, basic health care, and education is still inadequate.
Such challenges may create barriers not only to return but to subsistence.
A third barrier to return is the challenge of resolving land disputes.
Those living in formerly occupied residences may receive a six-month rental assistance package to vacate the lot so that former residents can return.
Challenges also include addressing issues such as destroyed property, loss of businesses, and land sales made under duress.
This policy has not yet been passed into law, nor have plans yet been made to implement it.
Koklass are boreal adapted species which separate into three distinct species groups.
They are one of the few galliforms that regularly fly uphill and are capable of sustained flights of many miles.
They are monogamous with a slight tendency toward social polyandry.
Koklass are largely vegetarian for much of the year consuming pine nuts, pine shoots, bamboo shoots and seeds.
They are highly insectivorous during the warmer months that coincide with nesting and chick-rearing.
During this phase of their life cycle they live almost exclusively on ants but also are documented consuming catkins, pollen and fruit.
Upper parts of male koklass pheasant are covered with silver-grey plumage streaked velvety-black down the centre of each feather, and it has the unique feature of a black head, chestnut breast and prominent white patches on the sides of neck.
The females differ from males in above characters and instead their upper parts are covered with pale brown plumage.
Both sexes, however, have distinct elongated tails tipped with pale feathers.
Like the western tragopan, it does not extend its range above the tree line.
One of the less colourful pheasants, the koklass exhibits moderate sexual dimorphism.
Though they skulk under bushes, which makes direct sighting difficult, they give loud chorus/predawn calls during the breeding season and during autumn, revealing their presence.
They remain in pairs or small family groups throughout the year.
They nest on the ground and spend the nights roosting on trees, or under rock overhangs.
His father is a businessman and mother a government teacher in secondary school.
Colour of the coat can be any shade of fawn from golden to red.
With the elimination of wolves in the nineteenth century, they nearly became extinct.
The breed's ideal temperament is described in the breed standard as being wily and tenacious as a hunter on all terrains, but sociable and affectionate with people.
Nevertheless, the landlord allegedly went on a five-year honeymoon trip before the trees had been replanted.
Theaters were closed, holidays were cancelled and military leave was halted.
They would end two weeks later as mysteriously as they began.
This had a 'salutary effect' in the political atmosphere in the state witnessing its first 'free and fair' election.
In his view, the democratic functioning was indeed a prerequisite to integration and national unity.
As a result of the democratisation process, he has asserted that there were ten years of peace with 'no fundamentalism, no secessionism and no communalism'.
These practices exposed him to the attacks of persons who misunderstood him.
Oetinger published about seventy works, in which he expounded his theosophic views.
A comprehensive series devoted to highlighting the major theologians of different periods), pp.
Scottish soccer enthusiasts also cite these games as ancestral to their sport.
It is not certain that the ball was being struck between members of the same team.
It has been suggested that this game bears similarities to rugby football.
Many of the world's most famous players have worn the blue jersey.
In most cases though the clubs squads do still comprise a large proportion of individuals with connections to the schools.
Often the clubs will be part-financed, and their grounds maintained or even owned, by the schools themselves.
Due to the social and amateur nature of the game, most clubs try to run as many teams as possible so that all their players get games on most weekends, and therefore a large system of what are effectively reserve leagues operate.
They were predominantly amateur, or at best paid small wages; they had low supports and small old-fashioned venues; and the quality of their play was, by the nature of these factors, comparatively low versus new professional clubs, provinces and regions in other countries.
As a rule their players trained only two nights a week.
Email harvesting is the process of obtaining lists of email addresses using various methods.
Typically these are then used for bulk email or spam.
Spammers may also use a form of dictionary attack in order to harvest email addresses, known as a directory harvest attack, where valid email addresses at a specific domain are found by guessing email address using common usernames in email addresses at that domain.
Another method of email address harvesting is to offer a product or service free of charge as long as the user provides a valid email address, and then use the addresses collected from users as spam targets.
Common products and services offered are jokes of the day, daily bible quotes, news or stock alerts, free merchandise, or even registered sex offender alerts for one's area.
A popular method uses email addresses which their owners have published for other purposes.
Spammers have also subscribed to discussion mailing lists for the purpose of gathering the addresses of posters.
Spammers have also concluded that generally, for the domain names of businesses, all of the email addresses will follow the same basic pattern and thus are able to accurately guess the email addresses of employees whose addresses they have not harvested.
Many spammers use programs called web spiders to find email addresses on web pages.
Spammer viruses may include a function which scans the victimized computer's disk drives (and possibly its network interfaces) for email addresses.
A compromised computer located on a shared network segment may capture email addresses from traffic addressed to its network neighbors.
The harvested addresses are then returned to the spammer through the bot-net created by the virus.
In addition, sometime the addresses may be appended with other information and cross referenced to extract financial and personal data.
A recent, controversial tactic, called "e-pending", involves the appending of email addresses to direct-marketing databases.
Direct marketers normally obtain lists of prospects from sources such as magazine subscriptions and customer lists.
Spammers sometimes use various means to confirm addresses as deliverable.
Users can defend against such abuses by turning off their mail program's option to display images, or by reading email as plain-text rather than formatted.
In several cases, these have been found to subscribe the entered addresses to receive more spam.
When persons fill out a form, it is often sold to a spammer using a web service or http post to transfer the data.
This is immediate and will drop the email in various spammer databases.
The revenue made from the spammer is shared with the source.
For instance, if someone applies online for a mortgage, the owner of this site may have made a deal with a spammer to sell the address.
These are considered the best emails by spammers, because they are fresh and the user has just signed up for a product or service that often is marketed by spam.
Furthermore, website operators may not distribute their legitimately collected lists.
It is somewhat inconvenient to users, who must examine the address and manually correct it.
The processing required to automatically extract text from images is not economically viable for spammers.
It is very inconvenient for users, who type the address in manually.
However, this method prevents users from composing in their preferred email client, limits message content to plain text - and does not automatically leave the user with a record of what they've said in their "sent" mail folder.
In the source code seen by harvesters, the email address is scrambled, encoded, or otherwise obfuscated.
While very convenient for most users, it does reduce accessibility, e.g.
Each has the benefit of being transparent to most users, but none support clickable email links and none are accessible to text-based browsers and screen readers.
Others, like a network tarpit, are designed to waste the time and resources of malicious spiders by slowly and endlessly feeding the spider useless information.
The "bait" content may contain large numbers of fake addresses, a technique known as list poisoning; though some consider this practice harmful.
Thornton could have worked as an assistant to his father before rising to the position of designer and draughtsman.
The products of his workshop can be recognised by their favouring of white glass and yellow stain set against blue and ruby "seaweed"-patterned backgrounds, and by the very distinctive modelling of faces.
According to the contract, much of the work was to be executed by his own hand, though specifically only to "pourtray [...] the histories, images, and other things to be painted on the [window]"; evidently some of the glazing would be carried out by apprentices or workmen.
Its poor sales led to the band going on an unofficial hiatus.
The conference focuses on such fields as signal processing and image processing, coding theory, control theory, real analysis and complex analysis, harmonic analysis, and the theory of differential equations.
The conference organization is headed by an international steering committee consisting of prominent mathematicians and engineers, and a technical committee responsible for the conference program.
Today it is one of the most commonly cultivated species in the genus.
Borneo, however it has since been moved into its own species due to differences in habitat and plant morphology.
The coerulea form has bluish-violet pigment as opposed to the typically magenta coloring of the species.
The alba form lacks all pigment, and the flowers thus appear white, and sometimes faintly green.
The murtoniana form has a yellow-orange flower base, overlaid with random reddish blotches.
Interior half of the lower sepals typically display more coloration than other sepals and petals.
Oftentimes during development they puncture the epidermis at the base of the leaves.
Flowers may emerge from the tip of the inflorescence from spring through summer, and continue to do so for many years until the stem dries up.
They are oval, light to medium green, and sometimes wavy.
When mounted, leaves grow so that older, lower leaves are shifted towards the sides while new growth points downwards, in order to expose as much surface area to sunlight.
Potted plants do not display this growth habit, so it is often recommended that plants be grown mounted to best expose leaves to light.
New growth emerges from the root tips, and is usually a light green color until the velamen matures and turns older roots grayish-green.
Roots are thick and are capable of holding water for extended periods of drought.
Dense root hairs emerge from the velamen and root tips to anchor plants to host trees or mounts.
Its desirable traits include its wide petals, fragrance, and deep saturated color.
It is essential that potting/mounting media approaches dryness between waterings to avoid root rot.
Large plants grow quickly and should thus be fertilized regularly during the growing season to promote growth of new leaves, roots, and flowers.
When plants have outgrown their pots or mounts, it is recommended to move them into the new substrate while new roots are growing so that the plant can acclimate to its new conditions.
This means using a loose, airy medium such as fir bark, tree fern fiber, synthetic media, and others.
Fusarium: fungal disease that can cause root rot, stem rot, and leaf rot.
It also restricts water flow to leaves, causing eventual death.
Anthracnose: a group of fungal diseases that cause leaf spots, blotches, dieback, and others.
Black rot: fungal disease that spreads quickly through plant tissue, turning it black.
Thrips: insect pest that sucks sap from plant tissue, can kill host plants if infestations become too severe.
Mites: tiny arachnid pests that suck sap and remove chlorophyll from leaves, turning them silvery.
Mealybugs: produce large quantities of honeydew by sucking sap, which attracts ants and fungal diseases.
Scale: common pest that spreads between plants quickly and sucks sap.
Whiteflies: insect pest that sucks sap, producing honeydew that attracts ants and other fungal diseases.
Often milk will be used as an alternative to cream.
Most common varieties have adjusted amounts of vodka or coffee liqueur, or mixed brands of coffee liqueur.
Shaking the cream in order to thicken it prior to pouring it over the drink is also common.
The magazine attracts a wide variety of the younger and older generations.
After the leading sign, digits consisted of a seven-segment display plus decimal point.
A blinking display indicated an error, such as a calculation error or an overflow or underflow condition.
This is because the calculator would execute the log function before performing the multiplication operation, and complete the multiplication operation before executing the addition operation.
The user invoked the hyperbolic functions by entering the function argument and then pressing the "hyp" key, followed by the "sin", "cos", or "tan" function key.
The inverse hyperbolic functions were accessed by first pressing the "arc" and "hyp" keys (in any order) and then pressing the "sin", "cos", or "tan" key.
Most notable among the added functions were the ability to enter x:y pairs and do linear regression analysis on them.
The card was pulled through the reader by an electric motor.
The matte white upper face of the cards could be marked with pen or pencil to indicate the program and the functions assigned to the calculator's programmable keys.
The card could be stored in a slot above the programmable keys with its markings visible.
The adjective rusticum was used to distinguish it from an urban or resort villa.
The villa rustica would thus serve both as a residence of the landowner and his family (and retainers) and also as a farm management centre.
It would often comprise separate buildings to accommodate farm labourers and sheds and barns for animals and crops.
The villa rustica's design differed depending on the architect, but usually it consisted of three parts; the urbana (main house), agricultural center and the rusticana (farm area).
It has a bell-tower at the west end, with embattled parapet with crocketted corner pinnacles.
The book collects nine novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors.
The brigade was in the process of marching towards the front when news that the armistice had been signed reached them.
These platforms included protected mobility vehicles, night vision equipment, and improved communications equipment.
A time slip is a plot device used in fantasy and science fiction in which a person, or group of people, seem to travel through time by unknown means for a period of time.
This is one of the main plot devices of time travel stories, the other being a time machine.
The difference is that in time slip stories, the protagonist typically has no control and no understanding of the process (which is often never explained at all) and is either left marooned in a past time and must make the best of it, or is eventually returned by a process as unpredictable and uncontrolled.
All that is left today are two barrel vaulted rooms in the barn of the house.
In the south wall there are arrow slits and to the west of them are the remains of a circular moat.
This bacterium has been added to chewing gum, but it does not remove the need to brush one's teeth.
L. anticaries eliminates the malignant bacteria in one's mouth in order to help prevent tooth decay.
The bacterium can be found in many varieties of yogurt.
Cleese's lines were then played from a tape recorder into the broadcast programme.
Hand motions are used to coax or push them about as they guide them towards the goal.
Pumping stations are facilities including pumps and equipment for pumping fluids from one place to another.
They are used for a variety of infrastructure systems, such as the supply of water to canals, the drainage of low-lying land, and the removal of sewage to processing sites.
A pumping station is, by definition, an integral part of a pumped-storage hydroelectricity installation.
Because of the way the system of canal locks work, water is lost from the upper part of a canal each time a vessel passes through.
Also, most lock gates are not watertight, so some water leaks from the higher levels of the canal to those lower down.
Obviously, the water has to be replaced or eventually the upper levels of the canal would not hold enough water to be navigable.
Canals are usually fed by diverting water from streams and rivers into the upper parts of the canal, but if no suitable source is available, a pumping station can be used to maintain the water level.
Where no external water supply is available, back pumping systems may be employed.
Water is extracted from the canal below the lowest lock of a flight and is pumped back to the top of the flight, ready for the next boat to pass through.
However, if the area is below sea level then it is necessary to pump the water upwards into water channels that finally drain into the sea.
The land is full of nutrients because of the accumulation of sedimentary mud that created the land initially.
They are suitable for mechanical building services collection and pumping of liquids like surface water, wastewater or sewage from areas where drainage by gravity is not possible.
A package pumping station is an integrated system, built in a housing manufactured from strong, impact-resistant materials such as precast concrete, polyethylene, or glass-reinforced plastic.
The unit is supplied with internal pipework fitted, pre-assembled ready for installation into the ground, after which the submersible pumps and control equipment are fitted.
Features may include controls for fully automatic operation; a high-level alarm indication, in the event of pump failure; and possibly a guide-rail/auto-coupling/pedestal system, to permit easy removal of pumps for maintenance.
Traditional site constructed systems have the valve vault components installed in a separate structure.
Having two structural components can lead to potentially serious site problems such as uneven settling between components which results in stress on, and failure of the pipes and connections between components.
The development of a packaged pump station system combined all components into a single housing which not only eliminates uneven settling issues, but pre-plumbing and outfitting each unit prior to installation can reduce the cost and time involved with civil work and site labor.
Sewage is fed into and stored in an underground pit, commonly known as a wet well.
The well is equipped with electrical instrumentation to detect the level of sewage present.
When the sewage level rises to a predetermined point, a pump will be started to lift the sewage upward through a pressurized pipe system called a sewer force main if the sewage is transported some significant distance.
The pumping station may be called a lift station if the pump merely discharges into a nearby gravity manhole.
By this method, pumping stations are used to move waste to higher elevations.
In the case of high sewage flows into the well (for example during peak flow periods and wet weather) additional pumps will be used.
Sewage pumping stations are typically designed so that one pump or one set of pumps will handle normal peak flow conditions.
Redundancy is built into the system so that in the event that any one pump is out of service, the remaining pump or pumps will handle the designed flow.
The storage volume of the wet well between the "pump on" and "pump off" settings is designed to minimize pump starts and stops, but is not so long a retention time as to allow the sewage in the wet well to go septic.
Sewage pumps are almost always end-suction centrifugal pumps with open impellers and are specially designed with a large open passage so as to avoid clogging with debris or winding stringy debris onto the impeller.
Rather than provide large open passages, some pumps, typically smaller sewage pumps, also macerate any solids within the sewage breaking them down into smaller parts which can more easily pass through the impeller.
The interior of a sewage pump station is a very dangerous place.
Poisonous gases, such as methane and hydrogen sulfide, can accumulate in the wet well; an ill-equipped person entering the well would be overcome by fumes very quickly.
Any entry into the wet well requires the correct confined space entry method for a hazardous environment.
To minimize the need for entry, the facility is normally designed to allow pumps and other equipment to be removed from outside the wet well.
Traditional sewage pumping stations incorporate both a wet well and a "dry well".
Often these are the same structure separated by an internal divide.
Although nominally isolated from the sewage in the wet well, dry wells are underground, confined spaces and require appropriate precautions for entry.
Further, any failure or leakage of the pumps or pipework can discharge sewage directly into the dry well with complete flooding not an uncommon occurrence.
As a result, the electric motors are normally mounted above the overflow, top water level of the wet well, usually above ground level, and drive the sewage pumps through an extended vertical shaft.
To protect the above ground motors from weather, small pump houses are normally built, which also incorporate the electrical switchgear and control electronics.
These are the visible parts of a traditional sewage pumping station although they are typically smaller than the underground wet and dry wells.
More modern pumping stations do not require a dry well or pump house and usually consist only of a wet well.
In this configuration, submersible sewage pumps with closely coupled electric motor are mounted within the wet well itself, submerged within the sewage.
Submersible pumps are mounted on two vertical guide rails and seal onto a permanently fixed "duckfoot", which forms both a mount and also a vertical bend for the discharge pipe.
For maintenance or replacement, submersible pumps are raised by a chain off of the duckfoot and up the two guide rails to the maintenance (normally ground) level.
Reinstalling the pumps simply reverses this process with the pump being remounted on the guide rails and lowered onto the duckfoot where the weight of the pump reseals it.
As the motors are sealed and weather is not a concern, no above ground structures are required, excepting a small kiosk to contain the electrical switchgear and control systems.
Due to the much reduced health and safety concerns, and smaller footprint and visibility, submersible pump sewage pumping stations have almost completely superseded traditional sewage pumping stations.
Further, a refit of a traditional pumping station usually involves converting it into a modern pumping station by installing submersibles in the wet well, demolishing the pump house and retiring the dry well by either stripping it, or knocking down the internal partition and merging it with the wet well.
This setup can be helpful in monitoring pump faults, levels or any other alarms and parameters making it more efficient.
Typically, water is channeled from a high-level reservoir to a low-level reservoir, through turbine generators that generate electricity.
This is done when the station is required to generate power.
During low-demand periods, such as overnight, the generators are reversed to become pumps that move the water back up to the top reservoir.
The following is a list of those described in this encyclopaedia.
Consequently, a considerable number of former pumping stations have been listed and preserved.
The majority were originally steam-powered, and where the steam engines are still in situ, many of the sites have since re-opened as museum attractions.
Like many older service stations, it has an all-weather enclosed bridge which enables pedestrians to use both the northbound and southbound facilities.
Motorists can also use both the northbound and southbound facilities by driving through no-entry signs to leave the motorway, cross the motorway on a normal unclassified road and re-enter the motorway services on the other side through another no-entry sign.
A recognition of her outstanding body of work in theatre.
The head, thorax and ground colour of the forewings is blackish-grey.
All lines are black, rather indistinct and waved and the terminal line is well marked by black interveinial dots.
The biotope consists of a moist, mainly broad-leaf forest, with lianas and shrubs, close to a river.
Baird's initial record describes four specimens made available to him.
The fur colorings change over the year, with a darker more brownish coat in the summer and a lighter gray in winter.
They have many long whiskers and their ears are mostly covered with fur.
The young have a hairy tail, which becomes less hairy with age.
The tail is bi-colored: darker on the top than the bottom, with a sharp line separating the colors.
They are pentadactyl, with whitish to lightly tan colored feet.
The caps of the teeth have a dark reddish-brown pigmentation.
The skull is similar in size to that of other long-tailed shrews.
Trowbridge's shrew can be distinguished from closely related shrews by the third unicuspid being smaller than the fourth.
Other distinguishing features include a post-mandibular foramen, more posterior positioning of the orbit, and orientation of lacrimal and infraorbital foramina relative to the molars.
These remains were obtained from a site at the extreme south end of the range of distribution.
Different subspecies are found in different regions of the geographic range.
Trowbridge's shrew resides in forested areas where the ground may be littered with debris for cover.
After logging in an area, they may remain, if sufficient ground cover is present.
They are found in both dry and moist forests, as well as in swampy woodlands.
In the southern reaches of their range, they may be found in chaparral.
While domestic cats are known to kill them, they usually do not eat them.
Known parasites include a number of ticks, mites, chiggers, fleas, worms, and single-celled organisms.
Since they are the most frequently captured shrews within their range, it is presumed that they are the most abundant.
They are roughly twice as abundant in the fall as in the spring.
Insects are a primary food source for the shrews, but they also will eat spiders, worms, and centipedes.
Thus, rivers may present a barrier to dispersal of the species.
The size of the testes in males increases, while the uterine horns widen in females.
The time of onset of sexual maturity may be earlier or later, depending on local climate conditions, with an earlier age of onset in warmer areas.
Males apparently reach sexual maturity two weeks earlier than females.
Since pregnant females have been found, which are still lactating, it is suspected that they became pregnant while nursing the young from prior broods.
In northern areas, the number of embryos found in pregnant females was fewer and the breeding season appears to be shorter.
The rationale for the listing includes an overall stable population, lack of major threats, and a widespread geographic distribution.
In addition, there are protected areas throughout the area of distribution.
Their games concern soldiers, adventurers, and monsters inspired by history and fiction, and their products are sold at gaming conventions, in hobby shops, and by mail order for use in role playing games, wargaming, dioramas, competitive painting, and collecting.
The mass wasting causes the damages on the houses and the freeway which sink and get ruptured constantly.
Damages are being repaired and patched but the massive project of stopping down the terrain is found to be too expensive.
Nearing the border suspicious policemen insisted on carefully examining their papers, checking their briefcases which contained newspapers and escape rations.
Close inspection of their clothing revealed they were wearing altered greatcoats.
Although the four escapers has split up to pretend to be travelling individually they were all in the same railway carriage, more policemen arrived and closely examined every passenger, soon arresting all four suspects.
On three occasions he brought his aircraft and crew home seriously despite severe battle damage.
Post-war investigations saw a number of those guilty of the murders tracked down, arrested and tried for their crimes.
This book analyses their efforts using modern project management methods.
The airport in uncontrolled, and is used for general aviation purposes.
The area was and is primarily a ranching and farming community.
It still serves this function and provides accommodation, dining facilities and caters for events such as conferences and weddings.
He continued his farming when he moved to the house.
The house was advertised for sale and the advertisement is shown.
They had a very large wedding which was extensively reported in the newspapers.
The couple had six children, five daughters and one son.
The trains have stainless steel bodies with different colour front ends and bodyside stripes.
Each set has a different accent colour, as shown below.
The season was marked bt a major controversy at the end.
It is clearly documented that he visited the property at least once, but he was not active in the regular maintenance of the area.
There are some restaurants built in this area as it provides a beautiful scenery over the sea.
It initially runs for six kilometers eastwards, and then curves southward.
It then curves northeastward for three kilometers, followed by another curving southeastward.
Near alun-alun, the route is divided between the east- and westbound sections.
From here, the route curves to the northeast for eight kilometers until curving again to the southeast, drawing farther away from shoreline.
After passing through alun-alun, the route curves to the north, and turns to the east after encountering a junction.
There are many hotels and restaurants built in the area.
The battlements are roofed and the sentry walk is a balustraded balcony.
There are few windows, and two still have their iron bar protection.
Inside, the basement and the first-floor hall are vaulted, and the hall is further divided by a wooden floor into two storeys.
Other features include a pit dungeon, and some small exhibitions of artifacts found in the locale.
When he returned she was so wasted that he did not recognise her, causing her to die of a broken heart.
The original railway used water to weight the rail cars, but now it is run on electric.
He is noted for his collaborative approach to design and his commitment to design education.
Alternately delightful and enlightening, he has produced a book which must have been an enormous labour to write but is a treat to read".
There was no response, so the ship stopped her engines, in an attempt to avoid a collision, but did not change course.
As water poured into the ship, the bows began to sink.
Gdynia returned to port having suffered damage to her bows.
When not implying a specific level of classification, the term "protostelid" or "protosteloid amoeba" is sometimes used.
Yoon then missed much of his senior season due to injury.
Due to ageing effect, four shrines were found to be little bit tampered.
Hence it was decided to replace them with new ones.
All the required rituals of reinstating them were systematically performed.
The new deities can also be seen in the gallery.
Mexican handcrafts and folk art is a complex collection of items made with various materials and intended for utilitarian, decorative or other purposes.
Some of the items produced by hand in this country include ceramics, wall hangings, vases, furniture, textiles and much more.
Most artisans do not have school-based training in their craft, but rather learn it through formal or informal apprenticeship.
This definition best applies to the production of pottery, leatherwork, textiles and toys.
Pyramids, temples, murals, textiles and religious objects were painted or colored ochre red, bright green, burnt orange, various yellows and turquoise.
Even the production of colors ties into the history of craft making.
He began to repair the damage by feeding the hungry, founding schools and hospitals and reconstructing the economy.
He worked to re-establish the crafts that had existed previously, often introducing new techniques, and to establish new crafts.
To avoid competition for the same limited markets, he encouraged each village to specialize in one particular craft or product.
He was successful in bringing many native craftsmen back to their work.
However, tight control was kept on production by the higher classes and government authorities.
He spent much of his time studying literature, scientific works, grape cultivation, the raising of silkworms.
He used the knowledge that he gained to promote economic activities for the poor and rural people in his area.
He established factories to make bricks and pottery and trained indigenous people in the working of leather.
He was interested in promoting activities of commercial value to use the natural resources of the area to help the poor.
Since anyone could call themself a craftsman, product quality deteriorated badly, especially in pottery, foreign products entered the country freely and industrialization began to take hold.
To help stop the socio-economic deterioration of artisans, brotherhoods, cooperatives and professional organizations were founded.
However, indigenous artists generally did not join these associations, and they remained within their own socioeconomic organizations.
Convinced of its importance, they began to write about the subject, and since then numerous books about the topic have been published.
A group of academics and artists interested in folk art was commissioned to form the first collections of these for public display.
This survey included discussions on pottery, fired-clay earthenware, toys, silverwork, goldwork, feather mosaics, basketry, textiles, wood objects, folk religious paintings called ex-votos or retablos as well as other folk art expression such as theater, poetry and printmaking.
They were considered to be examples of native intuition, genius and tradition but not individual talent.
However, this support did not lead to major museum collections or higher valuations on the work being produced.
During the same decade, the first socio-economic studies of these craft traditions took place, with the aim of establishing economic policies in their regard.
True folk images such as exvotos were no longer made or made for tourists or collectors, not as true religious expression.
However, mass production of imitations are often sold to tourists.
One example involves smaller enterprises and cooperatives attracting foreign investment and opportunities to sell their wares abroad.
Tradition survives in the production of many of these products.
She also claims that many college-educated designers believe that with innovative designs, they can help the artisan get out of poverty, without knowing why the artisan is poor in the first place.
This is one reason why younger generations have less interest in the craft tradition.
These tiles were first fired at a low temperature, then hand-painted with intricate designs, then fired at a high temperature to set the glaze.
Gold was inlaid into copper and metals were hammered to paper thinness and cast using the lost wax method.
During the colonial period, indigenous peoples were forbidden to work with precious metals.
A traditional hammered copper object is a large vessel in which pork fat is rendered or sugar caramelized for making candies.
Many different fibers are twisted, knotted and woven into textiles and objects.
Materials include rushes, reeds, thread, plastic string and rope as well as many more.
Historically, fibers were dyed using pigments created from plants and animals.
The agave plant was an important source of fibers and thread and is still used to day for thread and paper.
Cotton was also used, spun into thread by itself or combined with feathers or animal fur to provide warmth.
Brightly colored embroidered designs on female garments can identify tribe, age, and marital status of the wearer.
Many of the materials used are left in their natural color but some can be dyed vivid colors.
The bark of two trees are primarily used, that of the morus or mulberry family for white paper and that of the ficus or fig family for darker varieties.
Traditionally, the bark was cut and scraped by men, but the making the paper itself was done by women.
The process begins by washing the bark, then boiling it with ashes.
It is then rinsed and beaten until the fibers knit together, then dried in the sun.
Banderolas, or cut-paper banners, are hung in the streets for special occasions.
However, leatherwork can also be seen in seat covers, such as those on equipale chairs and as lampshades.
Leatherwork is traditionally decorated with flowing patterns using the labor-intensive punch and tool method and colored with dye or varnish.
Entire pieces of hardwoods would be carved into benches and tables, and other items.
Furniture was inlaid with gold and some covered in animal skins.
Ceremonial objects are produced in every region of the country in all different shapes, sizes and colors, whose sole purpose is to celebrate saints and holidays and honor the dead.
Large quantities of flowers and other plant matter to create decorations for ofrendas and for graves.
For the feast days of patron saints, cut paper banners are strung over roads and hung in windows.
Mexican handcrafted toys are mostly miniature representations of things in life, such as birds, furniture, mermaids, bullfighting scenes, carts and much more, made with materials on hand such as bulrush, wood, cloth, clay and lead.
They are considered artistic not because of originality but rather the ingenuity of creating something special from practically nothing.
Most toys sold to tourists now are cheaply made imitations of what used to be common.
Although it appears on most modern maps, according to some sources the island does not exist.
It depicts a play being performed in a prison by the inmates.
Because it is taking place within a prison, the female roles are portrayed by the male prisoners.
Because there are no windows and no other way to ventilate the space, the two young men are soon overcome by the smoke and heat.
The play-within-the-film is sometimes shot in realistic settings, while others explicitly take place in the prison chapel.
Realist scenes segue into prison scenes through visible set changes.
After a realist autumn scene, leaves are shown being removed from the chapel floor.
Even in the realist scenes, however, female characters in the prison play are portrayed by the male actors portraying the prisoners.
The play's dialogue and acting are deliberately heightened according to stage, rather than film conventions.
He can play both drums and guitar, but is currently also a guitarist in the band.
Being an inquiry into his share in the church revival and a brief statement of the leading features of his religious teaching.
Transduction is a common tool used by molecular biologists to stably introduce a foreign gene into a host cell's genome (both bacterial and mammalian cells).
If the lysogenic cycle is adopted, the phage chromosome is integrated (by covalent bonds) into the bacterial chromosome, where it can remain dormant for thousands of generations.
The lytic cycle leads to the production of new phage particles which are released by lysis of the host.
At the same time, some phage genes are left behind in the bacterial chromosome.
This may occur in two main ways, recombination and headful packaging.
If the virus replicates using 'headful packaging', it attempts to fill the nucleocapsid with genetic material.
If the viral genome results in spare capacity, viral packaging mechanisms may incorporate bacterial genetic material into the new virion.
This bacterial material may become recombined into another bacterium upon infection.
The genes that get transferred (donor genes) depend on where the phage genome is located on the chromosome.
It is often used as a tool in basic research and is actively researched as a potential means for gene therapy.
In these cases, a plasmid is constructed in which the genes to be transferred are flanked by viral sequences that are used by viral proteins to recognize and package the viral genome into viral particles.
For safety, none of the plasmids used contains all the sequences required for virus formation, so that simultaneous transfection of multiple plasmids is required to get infectious virions.
Moreover, only the plasmid carrying the sequences to be transferred contains signals that allow the genetic materials to be packaged in virions, so that none of the genes encoding viral proteins are packaged.
Viruses collected from these cells are then applied to the cells to be altered.
However, since the transferred genetic material does not encode any of the viral genes, these infections do not generate new viruses (the viruses are "replication-deficient").
Viral vector - commonly used tool to deliver genetic material into cells.
Judith's studies in healing have included bioenergetics, psychology, psychotherapy, mythology, sociology, history, systems theory, and mystic spirituality.
She is also an authority on chakras and yoga and somatic therapy.
It is a single-story brick building resting on a granite foundation, with a shallow-hipped roof whose extended eaves are supported by large brackets.
The roof is pierced by cross gables which have fanlight windows that have been blocked up.
The main front has three bays with timber framing in its upper storey and attic.
The central bay projects forward towards the lane and contains a porch.
In its lower storey is a three-light mullioned casement window on the left and the porch, which is recessed and framed, is on the right.
The upper storey contains a three-light window and in the gable above it is a two-light window.
The lateral bays each have a mullioned window in the ground floor.
The return to the left of the main front has a gable containing a window and timber-framed panelling.
One rises from the right return and has a plinth and three flues with twisted brickwork; another rises from the rear of the main wing and is similar, with four flues.
The third chimney stack at the rear of the left wing is plain.
Together with the farmhouse, the farm buildings form three sides of a quadrangle, open towards the lane.
There are two two-storey wings, one opposite the farmhouse, the other at the rear, and a smaller single-storey wing behind the farmhouse.
The upper storey of the wing opposite the house has timber framing in the upper storey; otherwise the buildings are in brown brick with blue brick diapering.
In the gable at the end of the wing opposite the farmhouse facing the lane is a two-light mullioned window surrounded by panelling.
His leadership abilities, musical skill, six-foot three-inch stature, and piercing eyes gained him recognition in his community.
He had many misgivings about the fundamental doctrines taught in that denomination.
He was known for his innovations in preaching and the conduct of religious meetings.
From its early years, its faculty and students were active in the abolitionist movement.
Acts of unrepentant sin were signs that a person had not received salvation.
And this is the very first element or idea of salvation, saving from sin.
This view of the atonement is typically known as the governmental view or government view.
Leaves have thin spines along the edge, much smaller than those of related species.
There are several to many flower heads, with white or pale pink disc florets but no ray florets.
The palm tree is found along the main road of the town.
A metal lathe or metalworking lathe is a large class of lathes designed for precisely machining relatively hard materials.
They were originally designed to machine metals; however, with the advent of plastics and other materials, and with their inherent versatility, they are used in a wide range of applications, and a broad range of materials.
In machining jargon, where the larger context is already understood, they are usually simply called lathes, or else referred to by more-specific subtype names (toolroom lathe, turret lathe, etc.).
These rigid machine tools remove material from a rotating workpiece via the (typically linear) movements of various cutting tools, such as tool bits and drill bits.
These machines consist of (at the least) a headstock, bed, carriage, and tailstock.
Better machines are solidly constructed with broad bearing surfaces (slide-ways) for stability, and manufactured with great precision.
This helps ensure the components manufactured on the machines can meet the required tolerances and repeatability.
The headstock is required to be made as robust as possible due to the cutting forces involved, which can distort a lightly built housing, and induce harmonic vibrations that will transfer through to the workpiece, reducing the quality of the finished workpiece.
The main spindle is generally hollow to allow long bars to extend through to the work area.
The spindle runs in precision bearings and is fitted with some means of attaching workholding devices such as chucks or faceplates.
Later machines use a gear box driven by a dedicated electric motor.
A fully 'geared head' allows the operator to select suitable speeds entirely through the gearbox.
This is facilitated by hardened and ground bedways which restrain the carriage and tailstock in a set track.
The carriage travels by means of a rack and pinion system.
The leadscrew of accurate pitch, drives the carriage holding the cutting tool via a gearbox driven from the headstock.
When a lathe is installed, the first step is to level it, which refers to making sure the bed is not twisted or bowed.
There is no need to make the machine exactly horizontal, but it must be entirely untwisted to achieve accurate cutting geometry.
A precision level is a useful tool for identifying and removing any twist.
It is advisable also to use such a level along the bed to detect bending, in the case of a lathe with more than four mounting points.
In both instances the level is used as a comparator rather than an absolute reference.
These gears are located in the apron of the carriage.
These intermediate gears allow the correct ratio and direction to be set for cutting threads or worm gears.
This provides a constant relationship between the number of turns the spindle makes, to the number of turns the leadscrew makes.
This ratio allows screwthreads to be cut on the workpiece without the aid of a die.
Some lathes have only one leadscrew that serves all carriage-moving purposes.
For screw cutting, a half nut is engaged to be driven by the leadscrew's thread; and for general power feed, a key engages with a keyway cut into the leadscrew to drive a pinion along a rack that is mounted along the lathe bed.
The leadscrew will be manufactured to either imperial or metric standards and will require a conversion ratio to be introduced to create thread forms from a different family.
This conversion ratio is often built into the quick change gearboxes.
This provides some relief for the operator as the movement of the carriage becomes power assisted.
This permits facing operations to be performed, and the depth of cut to be adjusted.
This feedscrew can be engaged, through a gear train, to the feed shaft (mentioned previously) to provide automated 'power feed' movement to the cross-slide.
On most lathes, only one direction can be engaged at a time as an interlock mechanism will shut out the second gear train.
It provides a smaller amount of movement (less than the cross-slide) along its axis via another feedscrew.
The compound rest axis can be adjusted independently of the carriage or cross-slide.
It is used for turning tapers, to control depth of cut when screwcutting or precision facing, or to obtain finer feeds (under manual control) than the feed shaft permits.
The slide rest (as the earliest forms of carriage were known) can be traced to the fifteenth century.
The advantage of a quick change set-up is to allow an unlimited number of tools to be used (up to the number of holders available) rather than being limited to one tool with the lantern style, or to four tools with the four-sided type.
Interchangeable tool holders allow all tools to be preset to a center height that does not change, even if the holder is removed from the machine.
The spindle includes a taper to hold drill bits, centers and other tooling.
This extra support can be provided by a steady rest (also called a steady, a fixed steady, a center rest, or sometimes, confusingly, a center).
A follower rest (also called a follower or a travelling steady) is similar, but it is mounted to the carriage rather than the bed, which means that as the tool bit moves, the follower rest "follows along" (because they are both rigidly connected to the same moving carriage).
Follower rests can provide support that directly counteracts the springing force of the tool bit, right at the region of the workpiece being cut at any moment.
In this respect they are analogous to a box tool.
Any rest transfers some workpiece geometry errors from base (bearing surface) to processing surface.
Rest rollers typically cause some additional geometry errors on the processing surface.
Some variations are not all that obvious, and others are more a niche area.
For example, a centering lathe is a dual head machine where the work remains fixed and the heads move towards the workpiece and machine a center drill hole into each end.
The resulting workpiece may then be used "between centers" in another operation.
The usage of the term metal lathe may also be considered somewhat outdated these days, plastics and other composite materials are in wide use and with appropriate modifications, the same principles and techniques may be applied to their machining as that used for metal.
The name bench lathe implies a version of this class small enough to be mounted on a workbench (but still full-featured, and larger than mini-lathes or micro-lathes).
The construction of a center lathe is detailed above, but depending on the year of manufacture, size, price range or desired features, even these lathes can vary widely between models.
The usage of "engine" here is in the mechanical-device sense, not the prime-mover sense, as in the steam engines which were the standard industrial power source for many years.
The works would have one large steam engine which would provide power to all the machines via a line shaft system of belts.
Therefore, early engine lathes were generally 'cone heads', in that the spindle usually had attached to it a multi-step pulley called a cone pulley designed to accept a flat belt.
Different spindle speeds could be obtained by moving the flat belt to different steps on the cone pulley.
Cone-head lathes usually had a countershaft (layshaft) on the back side of the cone which could be engaged to provide a lower set of speeds than was obtainable by direct belt drive.
Larger lathes sometimes had two-speed back gears which could be shifted to provide a still lower set of speeds.
At the same time the state of the art in gear and bearing practice was advancing to the point that manufacturers began to make fully geared headstocks, using gearboxes analogous to automobile transmissions to obtain various spindle speeds and feed rates while transmitting the higher amounts of power needed to take full advantage of high speed steel tools.
Early carbides were attached toolholders by brazing them into a machined 'nest' in the tool holders, later designs allowed tips to be replaceable, and multi faceted, allowing them to be reused.
This has led to machining times shortening, and therefore production growing.
The demand for faster and more powerful lathes controlled the direction of lathe development.
Subsequent improvements in electric circuitry have made it viable again.
It is essentially just a top-of-the-line center lathe, with all of the best optional features that may be omitted from less expensive models, such as a collet closer, taper attachment, and others.
The bed of a toolroom lathe is generally wider than that of a standard centre lathe.
There has also been an implication over the years of selective assembly and extra fitting, with every care taken in the building of a toolroom model to make it the smoothest-running, most-accurate version of the machine that can be built.
However, within one brand, the quality difference between a regular model and its corresponding toolroom model depends on the builder and in some cases has been partly marketing psychology.
For name-brand machine tool builders who made only high-quality tools, there wasn't necessarily any lack of quality in the base-model product for the "luxury model" to improve upon.
In any case, because of their fully ticked-off option list and (real or implied) higher quality, toolroom lathes are more expensive than entry-level center lathes.
It evolved from earlier lathes with the addition of the turret, which is an indexable toolholder that allows multiple cutting operations to be performed, each with a different cutting tool, in easy, rapid succession, with no need for the operator to perform setup tasks in between (such as installing or uninstalling tools) nor to control the toolpath.
There is a tremendous variety of turret lathe and capstan lathe designs, reflecting the variety of work that they do.
The idea is essentially the same as with turret lathes: to set up multiple tools and then easily index between them for each part-cutting cycle.
Instead of being rotary like a turret, the indexable tool group is linear.
The smaller types are usually called screw machines, while the larger variants are usually called automatic chucking machines, automatic chuckers, or simply chuckers.
Screw machines usually work from bar stock, while chuckers automatically chuck up individual blanks from a magazine.
Typical minimum profitable production lot size on a screw machine is in the thousands of parts due to the large setup time.
Once set up, a screw machine can rapidly and efficiently produce thousands of parts on a continuous basis with high accuracy, low cycle time, and very little human intervention.
They are designed to use modern carbide tooling and fully use modern processes.
The machine is controlled electronically via a computer menu style interface, the program may be modified and displayed at the machine, along with a simulated view of the process.
The setter/operator needs a high level of skill to perform the process, however the knowledge base is broader compared to the older production machines where intimate knowledge of each machine was considered essential.
These machines are often set and operated by the same person, where the operator will supervise a small number of machines (cell).
The turret holds the tool holders and indexes them as needed, the spindle holds the workpiece and there are slides that let the turret move in multiple axis simultaneously.
The equipment used typically consists of rotating cylindrical cutters moving up and down along five axes.
These machines are capable of producing a variety of shapes, slots, holes, and details on a three-dimensional part.
This allows all the work to be done on the material near the guide bushing where it is more rigid, making them ideal for working on slender workpieces as the part is held firmly with little chance of deflection or vibration occurring.
The main spindle is used with the guide bushing for the main machining operations.
This makes them ideal for large production runs of small-diameter parts.
Live tools are rotary cutting tools that are powered by a small motor independently of the spindle motor(s).
A 'secondary operation' is a machining operation requiring a partially completed part to be secured in a second machine to complete the manufacturing process.
Nevertheless, they meet the demand of their niche quite well, and are capable of high accuracy given enough time and skill.
They may be found in smaller, non-machine-oriented businesses where the occasional small part must be machined, especially where the exacting tolerances of expensive toolroom machines, besides being unaffordable, would be overkill for the application from an engineering perspective.
They are alternately styled as mini lathe, minilathe, and mini-lathe and as micro lathe, microlathe, and micro-lathe.
When wheels become worn or compromised from excessive use, this tool can be used to re-cut and recondition the wheel of the train car.
Oil country lathes are equipped with large-bore hollow spindles, a second chuck on the opposite side of the headstock, and frequently outboard steadies for supporting long workpieces.
As each part is machined, the cutting tool creates a final cut to separate the part from the bar stock, and the feeder continues to feed the bar for the next part, allowing for continual operation of the machine.
It has a recently renovated town hall, fire department, corner store, with post office, two churches, and other services including a fish processing plant.
There are many services such as a playground, town hall, community center, fish plant, fire hall, local store and more.
Oak savannas occur where the oaks are more widely spaced due a combination of lack of available moisture, and low-intensity frequent fires.
However, most oaks of full tree size are more than one hundred years old, and few saplings are ever produced, because cattle often tear the plants to pieces.
Much of this woodland is a relatively pristine ecosystem with considerable biodiversity.
A pre-season friendly resulted in a shoulder injury which sidelined him for four months and a leg muscle tear resulted in six weeks off the field.
The committee scans match videos for incidents of foul play.
It is one of the largest castles on the island.
Its strategic location on a hill allowed them to view the adjacent lands and sea channel separating the two islands.
Leverkusen eventually went on to win the game on penalties.
The action in the book is set around the time the school was built.
The village store is run by volunteers on a not-for-profit basis.
Normally two charities benefit equally from the proceeds of the event.
It is one of few high schools in the state that retains an open boundary.
This is done out of necessity; it would be very difficult for staff to keep students on campus, with two streets running through the campus, student parking on neighboring streets, and dining attractions only yards away.
Changes were made to comply with district regulations, pertaining to accessibility, earthquake safety, and a large-scale remodel of the stage, backstage, and other performance-related areas.
Members of the band participate in the pep band during the football season, and play concert music the rest of the year.
Many students participate in the jazz orchestra that practices before school.
It is required that students enroll in band classes during the regular school day to participate in the jazz orchestra.
Most of the school year is spent on concert music, which consists of arrangements for high school bands as well as arrangements for professional military and symphonic bands.
The pep band plays at all home varsity football games, and many varsity home basketball games.
It unusual in that it does not focus on marching for athletic events, but rather spirited pep performances.
The pep band is led by drum majors, who orchestrate logistics, conduct the band, choose music, and oversee behavior.
There are usually between two and three drum majors every year.
Drum majors are upperclassmen who are trusted by the director, capable musicians, and familiar with the band's workings.
It is also unusual in that it includes instrumentation not normally found in a jazz band, such as clarinets and flutes.
Although they do study jazz music, "jazz" choir may be a misnomer, since they spend much of their time learning other styles of music, from classical to pop.
Perigo told the press at the time that he planned to obtain a master's degree and pursue a career in teaching or athletic administration.
Most people, the satirist argues, complain about their lot yet do not really want to change it.
Our insatiable greed for material wealth is just as silly.
Man's true basic needs, food and water, are easily satisfied.
The satirist claims that there is also a natural mean with regard to sex.
Our basic sexual urges are easily satisfied (any partner will do), so it seems silly to run after married noblewomen instead.
In the case of friends, we should be especially lenient.
The god is powerless until the summer heat makes the figwood that he is made of explode, and this divine "fart" chases the terrified witches away.
The altercation reached serious proportions, since the mother has a fractured finger.
The rock is relatively soft and can be excavated using wooden tools.
The total number of rooms is not known, but would include rooms on the northern side of the complex and the upper levels.
In the center of the complex was a large plaza.
Tours can be scheduled to explore the cliffs and learn of their history.
Spatial processing includes spatial precoding at the transmitter and spatial postcoding at the receiver, which are dual each other from information signal processing theoretic point of view.
In wireless communications, spatial precoding has been developing for high reliability, high rate and lower interference as shown in the following table.
Although the table additionally contains the future part but the contents are not clearly filled out since the future is not precisely predictable.
Assume that there is a source terminal, a destination terminal, and some candidate interference terminals.
Cooperation is the practice of social elements working in common, instead of working individually.
Cognition can be interpreted as understanding and responding to the world.
Game theory is a mathematical theory that studies the strategic interaction between players, which are usually organized into a friend group and an enemy group.
Indeed, they allow increasing the rate, improving the robustness, or accommodating more users in the cell.
In haematology, red cell agglutination is the process whereby red cells clump together forming aggregates.
Hatangia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It contains many intertextual references particularly to mythology, fairy tales and secondary world fantasy (i.e.
Poison's life is saved, but her will to live is gone after realizing that her quest to regain her sister has been for naught.
It is home to all sorts of nasty and poisonous creatures.
Here, the evenings are long and drawn out while daylight ends within the hour.
Thought it is beautiful, everything has a taste of evil within it.
The realm consists of a castle surrounded by a vast jungle covered with giant cobwebs.
Beyond its walls lies an extensive library which houses all the stories in the world, at least all the ones worth reading.
During the interbellum it was gradually built-up with large houses.
A debubblizer is a surface tension reducing agent that is used to reduce the prevalence of bubbles in industrial processes such as wax casting.
Evidence was also found for a third planet orbiting further out than c and b.
Although born with cerebral palsy, when he initially became interested in sports, he competed as an able bodied athlete.
His introduction to athletics occurred in his first year of secondary school, while competing at cross country running.
Initially training at long distance events, his coaches brought him down to mid-distance races.
Whiteley stated that he was mainly there for the experience of attending a major competition and did not expect to medal.
The deaths were initially called "suspicious" by law enforcement authorities but were subsequently ruled to be accidental, caused by carbon monoxide from a propane space heater, used without ventilation, in the bus.
Higgins feared opposition to the provision from convention delegates concerned that the provision would impede the states' legislative powers, so the version passed by the convention did not mention the states.
In reaching this finding, the court argued that the definition of religion needed to be flexible but should recognise the need to be sceptical of disingenous claims of religious practice.
The court reasoned that the purpose of the ordinance was not to prohibit the free exercise of religion even though the ordinance may have had that effect.
Williams argues that as an "express guarantee of personal freedom", the provision should be interpreted broadly and promote "individual liberty over the arbitrary exercise of legislative and executive power".
One reason for the rejection was the bundling of multiple controversial proposals into one question: voters could not vote in favour of the measures they supported and against those they opposed, giving them reason to vote against the entire package.
Some church officials objected to the proposal, fearing that funding of religious schools by the states could become unlawful.
The question failed to pass, being opposed by a majority of voters in each of the states.
A corniche is a road on the side of a cliff or mountain, with the ground rising on one side of the road and falling away on the other.
It is an endangered species that is threatened by human activity in its mountain forest habitat.
The town is best known for its cheese, thought to be made from a special breed of goat that can only survive in the exact climate of this region.
On both ends of the station, the two tracks merge into one.
What meaning can be inferred is through the etymological study of the words, suffixes and prefixes of the languages prevalent in the region throughout its history.
The right to cultivate these lands is only inherited by the sons of the families belonging to these communities.
From this a few words can be formed which come to bear some resemblance to ayaviri.
For example, when the word huayra or wayra, which means "wind," "air," or "odor," is added as a suffix, the compound formed comes to mean "wind of the dead," "wind with a odor of the dead," or "bad wind which originates from the cemeteries.
Likewise, when the word huera or wera, which means "tallow," "fat" or "grease" is made the suffix, the word denotes the tallow, fat or grease of a dead body.
He ordered the construction of many buildings, including a palace and a temple of the sun.
He also called in groups of indigenous families called mitimae to form a town around these edifices, to tend to the land and to be the heirs of the dead natives.
As was common in these repartimientos or distributions, these territories also served to divide doctrinas or curatos of ecclesial jurisdiction.
The cathedral, along with the plaza, has historically been the focal point of celebrations and social gatherings, many of which religious in nature.
Color television is a television transmission technology that includes information on the color of the picture, so the video image can be displayed in color on the television set.
It is an improvement on the earliest television technology, monochrome or black and white television, in which the image is displayed in shades of gray (grayscale).
The invention of color television standards is an important part of the history of television, and it is described in the technology of television article.
Development of electronic scanning and display made an all-electronic system possible.
This changeover is now complete in many developed countries, but analog television is still the standard in many developing countries.
This means that the eye has far more resolution in brightness, or "luminance", than in color.
However, post-processing in the optic nerve and other portions of the human visual system combine the information from the rods and cones to re-create what appears to be a high-resolution color image.
This manifests itself in a number of ways, but the most important in terms of producing moving images is the way that a series of still images displayed in quick succession will appear to be continuous smooth motion.
When displayed together or in rapid succession, these images will blend together to produce a full-color image as seen by the viewer.
One of the great technical challenges of introducing color broadcast television was the desire to conserve bandwidth, potentially three times that of the existing black-and-white standards, and not use an excessive amount of radio spectrum.
The brightness image remained compatible with existing black-and-white television sets at slightly reduced resolution, while color televisions could decode the extra information in the signal and produce a limited-resolution color display.
The higher resolution black-and-white and lower resolution color images combine in the eye to produce a seemingly high-resolution color image.
A single photodetector behind the disk captured the image brightness at any given spot, which was converted into a radio signal and broadcast.
A similar disk was used at the receiver side, with a light source behind the disk instead of a detector.
In spite of these early successes, all mechanical television systems shared a number of serious problems.
Being mechanically driven, perfect synchronization of the sending and receiving discs was not easy to ensure, and irregularities could result in major image distortion.
Another problem was that the image was scanned within a small, roughly rectangular area of the disk's surface, so that larger, higher-resolution displays required increasingly unwieldy disks and smaller holes that produced increasingly dim images.
It was clear to a number of developers that a completely electronic scanning system would be superior, and that the scanning could be achieved in a vacuum tube via electrostatic or magnetic means.
Converting this concept into a usable system took years of development and several independent advances.
In this time thousands of television sets had been sold.
But his system contained no means of analyzing the spectrum of colors at the transmitting end, and could not have worked as he described it.
The demonstration was of a young girl wearing different colored hats.
Using three separate tubes each looking at the same scene would produce slight differences in parallax between the frames, so in practice a single lens was used with a mirror or prism system to separate the colors for the separate tubes.
Each tube captured a complete frame and the signal was converted into radio in a fashion essentially identical to the existing black-and-white systems.
The problem with this approach was there was no simple way to recombine them on the receiver end.
If each image was sent at the same time on different frequencies, the images would have to be "stacked" somehow on the display, in real time.
The simplest way to do this would be to reverse the system used in the camera; arrange three separate black-and-white displays behind colored filters and then optically combine their images using mirrors or prisms onto a suitable screen, like frosted glass.
This system, however, suffered from the twin problems of costing at least three times as much as a conventional black-and-white set, as well as having very dim pictures, the result of the fairly low illumination given off by tubes of the era.
Projection systems of this sort would become common decades later, however, with improvements in technology.
Another solution would be to use a single screen, but break it up into a pattern of closely spaced colored phosphors instead of an even coating of white.
Three receivers would be used, each sending its output to a separate electron gun, aimed at its colored phosphor.
The electron guns used in monochrome televisions had limited resolution, and if one wanted to retain the resolution of existing monochrome displays, the guns would have to focus on individual dots three times smaller.
This was beyond the state of the art at the time.
Instead, a number of hybrid solutions were developed that combined a conventional monochrome display with a colored disk or mirror.
In these systems the three colored images were sent one after each other, in either complete frames in the "field-sequential color system", or for each line in the "line-sequential" system.
In both cases a colored filter was rotated in front of the display in sync with the broadcast.
In order to avoid this, these systems increased the frame rate considerably, making the signal incompatible with existing monochrome standards.
This device was very "deep", but was later improved with a mirror folding the light path into an entirely practical device resembling a large conventional console.
The phosphor was patterned so the electrons from the guns only fell on one side of the patterning or the other.
Using cyan and magenta phosphors, a reasonable limited-color image could be obtained.
Unlike the hybrid systems, dot-sequential televisions used a signal very similar to existing black-and-white broadcasts, with the intensity of every dot on the screen being sent in succession.
His solution to the problem of focusing the electron guns on the tiny colored dots was one of brute-force; a metal sheet with holes punched in it allowed the beams to reach the screen only when they were properly aligned over the dots.
Three separate guns were aimed at the holes from slightly different angles, and when their beams passed through the holes the angles caused them to separate again and hit the individual spots a short distance away on the back of the screen.
The first all-color prime-time season came just one year later.
This system was also used to unveil a demonstration of color television for the press.
This was also the year that "in color" notices before color television programs ended, due to the rise in color television set sales, and color programming having become the norm.
Early color sets were either floor-standing console models or tabletop versions nearly as bulky and heavy, so in practice, they remained firmly anchored in one place.
However, for many countries the decision was more down to politics than technical merit.
Israeli television even erased the color signals using a device called the mekhikon.
Its task is to prepare caring, creative and responsible leaders, bridge the gaps in education and represent all sectors of society irrespective of caste, color, gender, status or beliefs.
The new main library was built and dedicated to him shortly after he died.
All these three parts are connected into a single continuous body of water, however.
The former covers steep mountain slopes on which the soil cover is thin.
The latter depends on thicker soil cover and has a higher species diversity.
It consist of a sequence of rapids which stretch over a length of almost one kilometer.
According to the local legend, the islet was once the home of an old widow who was spared from a flood through divine intervention.
The reed beds nearby are fishing grounds for night herons and pelicans.
The tilapia attract many fish-eating birds that also feed upon the flamingo eggs and chicks.
The lake's shores are grazed by zebra, gazelle, eland and families of warthog.
Remnants of the former joined lake are preserved as sediments at various locations around the lake basins, including former shorelines.
Recently the lake level and number of flamingoes has receded as increased human activity has dried up catchment areas.
Unfortunately, the redesign left no time for testing, and the rover did not complete its first drive until the team was actually at the event.
At the event, the rover was able to actually compete in all of the tasks for the first time, with no major failures.
The primary limitations were radio range, and limited testing with the robotic arm.
As such, the rover did well at competition, finishing in second place.
Both the base station and rover side radios are connected to omnidirectional antennas.
Frequency-dependent foraging is defined as the tendency of an individual to selectively forage on a certain species or morph based on its relative frequency within a population.
Specifically for pollinators, this refers to the tendency to visit a particular floral morph or plant species based on its frequency within the local plant community, even if nectar rewards are equivalent amongst different morphs.
Pollinators that forage in a frequency-dependent manner will exhibit flower constancy for a certain morph, but the preferred floral type will be dependent on its frequency.
Additionally, frequency-dependent foraging differs from density-dependent foraging as the latter considers the absolute number of certain morphs per unit area as a factor influencing pollinator choice.
Although density of a morph will be related to its frequency, common morphs are still preferred when overall plant densities are high.
As pollinators are essential in the process of pollen transfer (and therefore, reproductive success) of many angiosperms, visitation behavior will impose frequency-dependent selection on the flower morphs that they visit.
If pollinators selectively visit a particular morph, this will cause this morph to increase in frequency, and may ultimately lead to the fixation of this phenotype, known as directional selection.
Alternatively, if rare morphs are preferred, this should promote phenotypic diversity, known as balancing or stabilizing selection.
Since this time, attention has focussed on understanding how obligately pollinated, unrewarding species can persist as they offer pollinators no incentive to visit.
Much less research has been conducted on frequency-dependent foraging on rewarding species, but experiments using bumblebees have illustrated that frequency likely plays a role in reproductive success of flowering plants.
Laboratory experiments use artificial flowers to test how pollinator preference varies with frequency.
Typical experiments use two or more colored discs or artificial flowers (to represent flower morphs) that are arranged in various patterns and frequencies.
It is predicted that if pollinators do not exhibit frequency-dependent foraging, morph preference will not correlate with the relative frequency of that morph.
Instead, this preference may depend on some frequency-independent quality, such as an innate attraction toward a certain color.
This pattern is consistent for a variety of nectar concentrations.
An exception to this pattern occurs when one morph contains variable amounts of nectar.
This reward variability tends to cause the strength of the observed frequency dependence to decrease.
However, when both rare and common morphs are unrewarding, bumblebees tend to reverse their behavioral pattern and demonstrate rare morph preference.
Even though these experiments demonstrate that bumblebees forage in a frequency-dependent manner, the strength of this response can be asymmetric for different colors.
For example, experiments using blue and yellow discs to represent corolla colors demonstrated that, although bumblebees preferentially foraged on the most common morph when rewards were present, the threshold for switching to the common morph was different for both colors.
Bumblebees exhibit an innate preference for blue corollas, as this color is very conspicuous to bees against green-colored backgrounds.
It was observed that in order for bees to switch from blue flowers to yellow, the yellow-to-blue ratio had to be much higher than the ratio of blue-to-yellow flowers that were required for the opposite switch.
In other words, bees would forage on blue flowers until morphs of this colour reached relatively lower frequencies compared to yellow flowers.
However, this preference for blue was not as pronounced when both morphs contained high levels of nectar.
Therefore, frequency-dependent preferences must be considered along-with frequency-independent preferences to truly understand the visitation behavior of pollinators.
Additionally, when density of equally rewarding color morphs were manipulated, bumblebees still preferred to forage on the common morphs, even at high densities.
Some studies have demonstrated that bumblebees prefer the relatively common corolla color, but in other studies there did not appear to be any observable pattern of bee visitation behavior.
This discrepancy between laboratory and field studies may be due to the fact that laboratory studies use highly contrasting corolla colors and it is likely that color polymorphisms in the wild are not this distinct, making frequency-dependence weaker in natural settings.
Additionally, in natural populations multiple traits that are attractive to pollinators may be genetically correlated with one another (pleiotropy), so looking at pollinator response to a single trait in isolation may not be appropriate under these circumstances.
Therefore, considering morph frequency within localized patches of flowers in natural settings may not be sufficient.
Instead, morph frequency may need to be calculated over large spatial ranges to determine the extent to which pollinators are foraging in a frequency-dependent manner.
This observation was based on reduced seed set of rare morphs in field studies.
However, if rare morphs have similar nectar quality, skipping over these equally rewarding flowers appears to be inconsistent with optimal foraging theory.
Several hypotheses have been proposed to suggest how this visitation pattern is maintained.
The search image hypothesis proposes that an individual's sensory system becomes better able to detect a specific prey phenotype after recent experience with that same phenotype.
It is clear that plant-pollinator interactions differ from predator-prey relationships, as it is beneficial to both the plant and animal for the pollinator to locate the plant.
However, it has been suggested that cognitive constraints on short-term memory capabilities may limit pollinators from identifying and handling more than one floral type at a time, making plant-pollinator relationships theoretically similar to predator-prey relationships in regards to the ability to identify food sources.
Although plant traits that have evolved to attract pollinators are not cryptic, corolla colors can be more or less conspicuous with the background and pollinators that are more efficient at detecting a particular morph will minimize their search time.
Studies have demonstrated that the degree of frequency-dependence increases with the number of flowers visited, which suggests this is a learned response that develops gradually.
It has been demonstrated that when both density and frequency were manipulated, the strength of the preference for the common morph does not weaken with increased overall density, even when colors that are not innately preferred are the common morph.
These results are consistent with both of these search time hypotheses, as bees tend to decrease their speed travelling between flowers when density is high, and therefore, may be more efficient at recognizing less conspicuous yellow flowers at lower speeds.
When presented with two equally rewarding morphs, it has been demonstrated that an organism may select to exclusively forage on one morph for a variable amount of time, and then switch to the alternative morph and repetitively forage on this morph.
Under this switching attention hypothesis, selectively foraging on the common morph can occur without invoking a learned response, as the probability of visiting a particular morph first increases as the relative frequency of that morph increases.
In other words, it is likely pollinators will select common morphs first due to chance since they are more common and will continue to forage on these morphs during foraging bouts.
This behaviour results in disassortative mating between different morph types.
However, it seems likely that deceptive species would have low reproductive success as pollinators would learn to avoid areas where only unrewarding species are present.
As pollinators do not appear to be able to distinguish between rewarding and unrewarding flowers prior to landing, they need to make test visits so they can learn to avoid particular morph types.
When a preferred rewarding morph type becomes locally depleted, pollinators may be initially attracted to unrewarding morphs if these morphs exploit signals that are innately attractive or closely mimic rewarding species.
However, under this hypothesis, the pollinator should learn to associate this morph with no reward and consequently avoid it on future foraging bouts.
Instead, the negative reinforcement associated with visiting an unrewarding flower is assumed to be stored in short-term memory.
This causes the pollinator to go to a different morph type on its next visit.
In other words, if deceptive species were to occur at a low enough frequency that pollinators do not encounter them very often, it is unlikely they will have the opportunity to relocate this information to their long-term memory.
Studies have shown that the number of flowers of an unrewarding morph type that are sampled depends on the frequency of those morphs within a population.
For example, many species of obligately animal-pollinated, deceptive orchids that co-occur with rewarding flowers are only reproductively successful when they occur at low frequencies.
It is worth mentioning that these two hypotheses are not mutually exclusive in that morph populations that are visited by naive pollinators are also likely to be found at low frequencies relative to rewarding morphs.
Additionally, rare morphs may be at a disadvantage if reproductive success is correlated with number of pollinator visits, and this may lead to higher rates of selfing and ultimately inbreeding depression, in self-compatible plants.
The potential for a decrease in genetic diversity due to assortative mating can have negative implications.
However, reproductive success of flowering plants that are obligately pollinated ultimately depends on a corresponding change in the timing of pollinator visitors.
The earliest bloomers of any species will be rare since the majority of conspecific plants have not yet flowered.
Since many pollinators prefer to forage on common phenotypes, the flowers that bloom earliest in the season may be skipped.
This may lead to a constraint on plant flowering evolution and the inability of flowering plants to adapt to changing environmental conditions.
Hybrid zones generally contain a wide variety of phenotypes, including novel or extremely rare morphs.
Since certain pollinators tend to prefer common morphs, there is a low probability that they will visit rare morphs in the hybrid zone, thus keeping gene flow between species relatively low.
To the east land was reclaimed from the sea to enclose the harbour; this land was also fortified with a rampart and ditch and a series of bastions.
The site contains images of all the national flags of the world.
Each flag is broken into its respective components, that are categorized according to several broadly descriptive terms.
Users may pick and choose from a menu of these components to form a new flag, which they may then save to the site.
In addition, the project features a browsable history, through which users may look over past creations that have been titled and saved by the previous participants.
A limited language of visual symbols and the actions of thousands of visitors create an ongoing micro-drama about ownership, territory, control and personal identity in a post-national world.
A terrestrial species, it has a preference for cool climates that restricts its habitat to hills and mountain plateaus.
It is known to be crepuscular, active during the late evenings till night and dawn till late mornings.
In captivity, it is one of the most sought-after rat snake species.
They spend most of the time hiding in leaf litter, under moss carpets, or under rocks and logs.
He decided on a life of intense exploration of wilderness places.
The crew endured a winter for which they were poorly prepared.
His technique was to use a small ship and hug the coast.
Amundsen had the ship outfitted with a small gasoline engine.
For example, he learned to use sled dogs for transportation of goods and to wear animal skins in lieu of heavy, woolen parkas, which could not deter cold when wet.
Amundsen also planned to kill some of his dogs on the way and use them as a source for fresh meat.
Amundsen's expedition benefited from his careful preparation, good equipment, appropriate clothing, a simple primary task, an understanding of dogs and their handling, and the effective use of skis.
Defeat is certain for him who has neglected to take the necessary precautions in time; this is called bad luck.
He suffered a stroke and was so physically reduced that he could not participate.
But, the ice became so thick that the ship was unable to break free, although it was designed for such a journey in heavy ice.
He had a broken arm and had been attacked by polar bears.
He decided to shift from the planned naval expedition to aerial ones, and arranged to charter a plane.
He divided the expedition team in two: one part was to survive the winter and prepare for an attempt to fly over the pole.
It was the northernmost latitude reached by plane up to that time.
The aircraft landed a few miles apart without radio contact, yet the crews managed to reunite.
Amundsen and his crew worked for more than three weeks to clean up an airstrip to take off from ice.
They returned triumphant when everyone thought they had been lost forever.
Thiorphan is the active metabolite of the antidiarrheal racecadotril (acetorphan).
It prevents the degradation of endogenous enkephalins by acting as an enkephalinase inhibitor.
The firm continued to expand in the next decades, opening offices across the company and overseas.
Leblanc was considered a draft bust, having failed to reach his potential and retiring from hockey at an early age.
Leblanc also had university exams scheduled around the time of the camp.
He finished the tournament with three goals and seven points over seven games and fourth overall on the team in scoring.
Her stage ambitions are frustrated by producers unwilling to feature dark-skinned black women in their shows.
A nurse has the venom with which the victims were a painful death, stolen from the hospital.
He pretends to see nothing, for he himself is the "gifted" artist.
By force of arms, he goes with it hidden in a side room.
Hardly arrived, there is a new case: a murdered drug is ritually laid out in a church.
Some years ago there was a similar case, there are only small differences in the details.
The sexton and his daughter quickly come under suspicion of having anything to do with the murder.
Another murder takes place and comes out later, that had been the victims of the former case, the other daughter of the sexton.
In a burned building murder weapons were found, but still missing the victim.
But the actor is so adept at that all the measures put him are unsuccessful.
The government is due to this international incident, the police chief under pressure, what does this again with his team.
By a simple trick he can flee and hide with a "friend".
Frederike and her husband have now both emotionally apart and each with a different partner who is waiting for them.
When dirname is given a pathname, it will delete any suffix beginning with the last slash ('/') character and return the result.
While serving as the member of the faculty at this college he also served as a coach of several sports.
Included in his duties were coaching the football and basketball team.
The browser had several pre-installed widgets such as social networking, chat clients and email facilities integrated into the browser.
The browser also includes a proxy service that can be enabled at the user's discretion, and is automatically enabled when using a search engine.
Due to the unorthodox nature of the schedule (and little incentive to enforce it), some teams frequently played many more games than others did in any given season.
This led to some disputed championships and two teams claiming the title.
The "games behind" method of recording standings was uncommon in most black leagues.
As mentioned above, disputes also occurred in the split season finishes.
It has no women's or youth wings, with the stated aim of directly integrating women and youth into its administration.
It has no system of delegates that represent local branches of the party and there are no heads of local branches.
It prohibits members of the parliament who have switched or are switching parties, or those who have served as leader or secretary general in another party from joining it.
It operates upon two stated principles: good governance, including the eradication of partisanship and corruption and maximizing transparency, and social justice, where the state will support the vulnerable.
His branch of the family therefore became extinct in the male line.
The plant grows in grassy habitat, woodlands, and sometimes the edges of vernal pools.
The inflorescence is borne on an erect, curving, or drooping peduncle.
The distinctive fruit is an achene with a brown, hairless body about half a centimeter long.
At the tip of the body is a large pappus made up of five long, jointed scales each up to a centimeter in length and lined with bristles and hairs.
The origin of the suburb name is from the name given to the estate development.
The lake is surrounded by a public park and features many waterbirds and other wildlife.
Corbett is particularly popular with television viewers because of his enthusiastic weather presentations and his humorous slogans.
Here he undertook weather forecasting for corporate clients, energy companies, the aviation industry and ski resorts amongst others.
Corbett was a key member of the weather team and presented the first ever weather forecast on the channel.
Where routes are four-tracked the fast lines are generally excluded.
Apart from the prerequisites to train lengthening, mainly platform lengthening, increased depot capacity and power upgrades, the medium term interventions involve little infrastructure apart from the heavy undertakings within the contingent projects described above.
His successful solo career was started there; which involved concerts, tours and lectures.
However, in numerous interviews, he has admitted that he will always be part of the band.
It carries a stuttering beat which is accompanied by a slow-rolling and heavy bass-pumping groove with a guitar.
Israeli governments have maintained that the area involved is within territorial dispute.
The effectiveness of this control is emphasized by regular military incursions and rocket attacks.
Israel views the territory as being the subject of legitimate diplomatic dispute and negotiation under international law.
Respect for the sanctity of all other divine religions shall be maintained".
In the field of metrology, he conducted research of ancient weights.
He missed most of the first half due to a delayed train, but hit six second-half goals.
Frankenchrist is noted for its relative lack of traditionally 'hardcore' material.
It was only through the support of fans that the label was able to stay alive.
An ogre (feminine ogress) is a term used in myth and folk tales for a variety of abominable and brutish hominid monsters, informally large, unpleasant, grotesque, predatory, and typically cannibalistic towards normal human beings, infants, and children.
Ogres and similar creatures feature in mythology, folklore, and fiction around the world, appearing in many classic works of literature and fairy tales.
Ogres vary in size depending on the depiction, ranging from moderately large and heavyset by human standards to inhuman and disproportionate giants.
Common features include disproportionately large heads, abundant hair, unusually colored skin, strong body, a voracious appetite, and a generally hideous appearance, odor, and manner.
Ogres overlap heavily with giants in mythology and may be considered a subtype thereof; they also overlap with human cannibals in fiction.
Shrek engages in typical ogre behaviors like washing in mud and eating insects, but otherwise isn't monstrous, and only feigns nastiness and claims to eat people as a way to deter trespassers in his swamp, which is the backbone of the first movie's plot.
The school boasts a long list of distinguished alumni in fields of politics, education, entertainment, communications and business.
It extends students beyond the traditional classroom setting while leveraging off advanced technology.
Furthermore, it demonstrates the use of solar energy by activating a fountain and different equipment at the lobby entrance of the seven-storey block, as well as supplying energy for the movable light boxes that serve as partitions when required.
It has a computer with touch screen monitor and a glass board to be written on.
There is a video camera for students to have video conference with overseas students, and a slanting window in the ceiling, in order to let the natural sunlight enter the classroom, which greatly increases the energy efficiency of the room.
Also, the chairs in the room are specially designed so students can use the chair both as an armchair or as a writing desk.
Only students of the school are allowed to use the pool on weekdays.
She believes in the response of all children to all living ideas presented in a literary form.
She also appreciates the importance of parental involvement to the child's confidence and progress.
The demand for governess to implement her methods caused her to train young women and to raise their status by insisting on adequate salaries and conditions of work.
She had no formal academic education but went to dancing classes where she soon rebelled against classical ballet and composed exercises of her own.
She extended her exercises into sports training, remedial movement for the handicapped and school education.
Her overall influence was immense on modern practice of physical education, on remedial work and in choreographic innovation.
This ancient practice probably goes back to the time of fire worshipping or other belief systems which put earthly elements such as fire, the sun, etc.
It is believed that the heat of the eternal flames was used by shepherds to warm their flocks during winter.
It soon became clear the company had a major environmental crisis on its hands.
The spraying oil also threatened the local inhabitants, whose adjacent properties stood in danger of being destroyed, and there was risk of polluting the water supply.
Kirkuk, and the surrounding villages, were in danger of being drowned in a deluge of oil.
A blue mist formed at night in the hollows of the low hills caused by gas pockets.
The risk of fire was ever-present as for hundreds of metres around everything was smothered in oil.
Men were working in gas masks almost naked in an endeavour to get near enough to set up some control appliances.
The oil fell evenly in clouds all around the derrick and draw-works due to the windless autumn days.
Eventually, the cloud of oil was blown away from one side of the derrick to allow work to start on the well head by using an aero engine.
It took ten days from the first eruption to close the control valve and shut off the supply of oil.
The approaching rainy season raised the spectre of another disaster: if the rains came and the wadi flooded, the oil would be carried down to the river and pollute water supplies across the whole country.
Pumps were urgently installed to pump the oil back into the wells, but they made little impression.
Desperate to remove the oil, large quantities were set alight.
When the rains came the area was clear of oil.
Its plan consists of a nave with a clerestory and north and south aisles, a chancel, and a west tower.
Its parapet is embattled, and has pinnacles and gargoyles at the corners.
Pieces of stone decorated with chevrons have been incorporated in the fabric of the tower.
In the top stage are paired bell openings on the north, west and south sides.
In the middle stage is a round-headed window on the south side, and a lancet window on the west.
A large vertical stone, possibly a former cross shaft, has been used as a quoin in the northwest corner of the nave.
In the north wall of the chancel is a blocked doorway which formerly led to a north chapel.
The south aisle has two-light windows with ogee heads in its east and south walls.
In both the north and south sides of the clerestory are two windows with paired lights.
It has two bays with round arches carried on circular piers.
The south arcade has pointed arches, also carried on circular piers.
In the east wall of the nave, to the south of the chancel arch, is a blocked squint.
There is a ring of three bells, but they are no longer ringable.
The name reflects the city's convenient location amongst a number of metropolitan areas and its transportation network.
Alternatively, chikkuppee ("of cedar") is the adjective form of chickkup ("cedar").
The boom eventually went bust, as overproduction drove the price of bicycles down.
Johnson reports that the completion of the bridge was grandly celebrated.
Both cities continued to flourish for over a century after the partition.
Since then, the city has filled in most of its open space resulting in a number of new neighborhoods.
The stadium is typically used for local and regional soccer and football games.
It is regarded as one of the most imposing churches in the area.
The path follows a portion of a former industrial railway.
Within the past decade, a number of private elementary schools and their associated parishes have closed.
The ecdysone receptor is a nuclear receptor found in arthropods, where it controls development and contributes to other processes such as reproduction.
Insect ecdysone receptors are currently better characterized than those from other arthropods, and mimics of ecdysteroids are used commercially as caterpillar-selective insecticides.
This in turn leads to the activation of many other genes, as evidenced by puffing of polytene chromosomes at over a hundred sites.
Ultimately the activation cascade causes physiological changes that result in ecdysis (moulting).
Insecticides - the development of selective insect growth regulators for use as environmentally benign insecticides.
Although dibenzoylhydrazine compounds are not ecdysteroids, many are agonists of lepidopteran ecdysone receptors and are used as caterpillar-selective larvicides.
The song's performance is represented as part of a stage show.
The performance stage is lighted with small green, yellow and crimson coloured spotlights dotting the black background both horizontally and above the platform.
The front of the stage is occupied by a water-body, semi-circular structures on two sides flanking the star shaped one in the middle, which holds the performers.
An acrobat and a gymnast are at the front of the stage, along with others who are sitting on both sides of the water-body.
Sahir enters the stage performing a front somersault while the stage lights up with pyrotechnics.
Taking hold of an aerial silk, he glides once over the top of the audience whilst holding a torch with his free hand.
The family has to figure out how to cope with that while planning the perfect wedding.
The writers created a film where being gay was treated as a normal facet of life.
As funding and attendance declined, the log buildings at the complex fell into disrepair, requiring it to close.
Various fundraising activities at the farmstead have been done in collaboration with summer youth programs.
In fluid dynamics, gravity waves are waves generated in a fluid medium or at the interface between two media when the force of gravity or buoyancy tries to restore equilibrium.
An example of such an interface is that between the atmosphere and the ocean, which gives rise to wind waves.
A gravity wave results when fluid is displaced from a position of equilibrium.
The restoration of the fluid to equilibrium will produce a movement of the fluid back and forth, called a wave orbit.
Wind-generated waves on the water surface are examples of gravity waves, as are tsunamis and ocean tides.
Alternatively, so-called infragravity waves, which are due to subharmonic nonlinear wave interaction with the wind waves, have periods longer than the accompanying wind-generated waves.
Gravity waves are generated in the troposphere by frontal systems or by airflow over mountains.
At first, waves propagate through the atmosphere without appreciable change in mean velocity.
But as the waves reach more rarefied (thin) air at higher altitudes, their amplitude increases, and nonlinear effects cause the waves to break, transferring their momentum to the mean flow.
This transfer of momentum is responsible for the forcing of the many large-scale dynamical features of the atmosphere.
Thus, this process plays a key role in the dynamics of the middle atmosphere.
The effect of gravity waves in clouds can look like altostratus undulatus clouds, and are sometimes confused with them, but the formation mechanism is different.
A wave in which the group and phase velocities differ is called dispersive.
When a flow is turbulent, one observes a randomly fluctuating velocity field superimposed on a mean flow (contrast with a laminar flow, in which the fluid motion is ordered and smooth).
The fluctuating velocity field gives rise to fluctuating stresses (both tangential and normal) that act on the air-water interface.
The normal stress, or fluctuating pressure acts as a forcing term (much like pushing a swing introduces a forcing term).
As with other resonance effects, the amplitude of this wave grows linearly with time.
The air-water interface is now endowed with a surface roughness due to the capillary-gravity waves, and a second phase of wave growth takes place.
As the flow is turbulent, its mean profile is logarithmic, and its second derivative is thus negative.
This is precisely the condition for the mean flow to impart its energy to the interface through the critical layer.
This supply of energy to the interface is destabilizing and causes the amplitude of the wave on the interface to grow in time.
As in other examples of linear instability, the growth rate of the disturbance in this phase is exponential in time.
By this time rail travel was declining and highway travel was increasing.
It stood vacant for several years until it was transformed into an apartment building.
The decorative details are found in the wide first floor windows of the commercial space that feature elliptical arches with cast stone spring blocks and keystones.
Another decorative feature is found at the top of the building where a modified entablature incorporates the brick-framed windows and the stucco panels between them into the architrave.
Above it is a simple brick wall that acts as a frieze and a cast stone cornice above it.
The album has twelve pieces, most of which are instrumental music.
None of the twelve pieces are titled on the album cover.
Many of these alternate titles were taken from the band's actual set lists, when available.
A combination of wheels, chains and counter-weights were used to lift the deck of the bridge out of the way of passing canal barges.
Unlike most other characins, it is tolerant of (and sometimes found in) slightly brackish water.
Like most other tetras, it feeds primarily on small insects and planktonic animals.
A common name that was once widespread but is now rarely used is signal tetra, a reference to the similarity between the yellow and black dorsal fin and the arm of a semaphore railway signal.
As a shoaling species, it is usually kept in groups of at least six specimens and away from aggressive or predatory tankmates, but is otherwise easily kept in the community tank.
Pharmacy is the science and technique of preparing and dispensing drugs.
It is a health profession that links health sciences with chemical sciences and aims to ensure the safe and effective use of pharmaceutical drugs.
The scope of pharmacy practice includes more traditional roles such as compounding and dispensing medications, and it also includes more modern services related to health care, including clinical services, reviewing medications for safety and efficacy, and providing drug information.
Pharmacists, therefore, are the experts on drug therapy and are the primary health professionals who optimize use of medication for the benefit of the patients.
In its investigation of herbal and chemical ingredients, the work of the pharma may be regarded as a precursor of the modern sciences of chemistry and pharmacology, prior to the formulation of the scientific method.
Often, collaborative teams from various disciplines (pharmacists and other scientists) work together toward the introduction of new therapeutics and methods for patient care.
However, pharmacy is not a basic or biomedical science in its typical form.
Medicinal chemistry is also a distinct branch of synthetic chemistry combining pharmacology, organic chemistry, and chemical biology.
Although pharmacology is essential to the study of pharmacy, it is not specific to pharmacy.
Those who wish to practice both pharmacy (patient oriented) and pharmacology (a biomedical science requiring the scientific method) receive separate training and degrees unique to either discipline.
Pharmacoinformatics is considered another new discipline, for systematic drug discovery and development with efficiency and safety.
Pharmacists may also be small-business proprietors, owning the pharmacy in which they practice.
Since pharmacists know about the mode of action of a particular drug, and its metabolism and physiological effects on the human body in great detail, they play an important role in optimisation of a drug treatment for an individual.
In some cases, the representative body is also the registering body, which is responsible for the regulation and ethics of the profession.
They may also perform administrative duties in pharmaceutical practice, such as reviewing prescription requests with medic's offices and insurance companies to ensure correct medications are provided and payment is received.
Legislation requires the supervision of certain pharmacy technician's activities by a pharmacist.
In hospital pharmacies, pharmacy technicians may be managed by other senior pharmacy technicians.
Although they may perform, under supervision, most dispensing, compounding and other tasks, they are not generally allowed to perform the role of counseling patients on the proper use of their medications.
He made clear distinction between sodium carbonate and potassium carbonate, and drew attention to the poisonous nature of copper compounds, especially copper vitriol, and also lead compounds.
Community pharmacies usually consist of a retail storefront with a dispensary where medications are stored and dispensed.
In most countries, the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation; with requirements for storage conditions, compulsory texts, equipment, etc., specified in legislation.
Where it was once the case that pharmacists stayed within the dispensary compounding/dispensing medications, there has been an increasing trend towards the use of trained pharmacy technicians while the pharmacist spends more time communicating with patients.
Pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients' prescriptions and patient safety issues.
Pharmacies are typically required to have a pharmacist on-duty at all times when open.
It is also often a requirement that the owner of a pharmacy must be a registered pharmacist, although this is not the case in all jurisdictions, such that many retailers (including supermarkets and mass merchandisers) now include a pharmacy as a department of their store.
Likewise, many pharmacies are now rather grocery store-like in their design.
In addition to medicines and prescriptions, many now sell a diverse arrangement of additional items such as cosmetics, shampoo, office supplies, confections, snack foods, durable medical equipment, greeting cards, and provide photo processing services.
Some pharmacists in hospital pharmacies may have more complex clinical medication management issues whereas pharmacists in community pharmacies often have more complex business and customer relations issues.
Because of the complexity of medications including specific indications, effectiveness of treatment regimens, safety of medications (i.e., drug interactions) and patient compliance issues (in the hospital and at home) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area.
Those pharmacists are often referred to as clinical pharmacists and they often specialize in various disciplines of pharmacy.
Hospital pharmacies can often be found within the premises of the hospital.
Hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications, including more specialized medications, than would be feasible in the community setting.
Most hospital medications are unit-dose, or a single dose of medicine.
This is a complex process that requires adequate training of personnel, quality assurance of products, and adequate facilities.
Several hospital pharmacies have decided to outsource high risk preparations and some other compounding functions to companies who specialize in compounding.
The high cost of medications and drug-related technology, combined with the potential impact of medications and pharmacy services on patient-care outcomes and patient safety, make it imperative that hospital pharmacies perform at the highest level possible.
Clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings, but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics.
Clinical pharmacists often collaborate with physicians and other healthcare professionals to improve pharmaceutical care.
Clinical pharmacists are now an integral part of the interdisciplinary approach to patient care.
They often participate in patient care rounds for drug product selection.
The clinical pharmacist's role involves creating a comprehensive drug therapy plan for patient-specific problems, identifying goals of therapy, and reviewing all prescribed medications prior to dispensing and administration to the patient.
The review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy (e.g., drug choice, dose, route, frequency, and duration of therapy) and its efficacy.
The pharmacist must also monitor for potential drug interactions, adverse drug reactions, and assess patient drug allergies while designing and initiating a drug therapy plan.
Ambulatory care pharmacy is based primarily on pharmacotherapy services that a pharmacist provides in a clinic.
Pharmacists in this setting often do not dispense drugs, but rather see patients in office visits to manage chronic disease states.
For example, if a drug manufacturer only provides a drug as a tablet, a compounding pharmacist might make a medicated lollipop that contains the drug.
Patients who have difficulty swallowing the tablet may prefer to suck the medicated lollipop instead.
This form of compounding is found at community or hospital pharmacies or in-home administration therapy.
Compounding pharmacies specialize in compounding, although many also dispense the same non-compounded drugs that patients can obtain from community pharmacies.
Consultant pharmacists most typically work in nursing homes, but are increasingly branching into other institutions and non-institutional settings.
This trend may be gradually reversing as consultant pharmacists begin to work directly with patients, primarily because many elderly people are now taking numerous medications but continue to live outside of institutional settings.
Some community pharmacies employ consultant pharmacists and/or provide consulting services.
Many of these pharmacies are similar to community pharmacies, and in fact, many of them are actually operated by brick-and-mortar community pharmacies that serve consumers online and those that walk in their door.
The primary difference is the method by which the medications are requested and received.
Some customers consider this to be more convenient and private method rather than traveling to a community drugstore where another customer might overhear about the drugs that they take.
Internet pharmacies (also known as online pharmacies) are also recommended to some patients by their physicians if they are homebound.
Many customers order drugs from such pharmacies to avoid the "inconvenience" of visiting a doctor or to obtain medications which their doctors were unwilling to prescribe.
However, this practice has been criticized as potentially dangerous, especially by those who feel that only doctors can reliably assess contraindications, risk/benefit ratios, and an individual's overall suitability for use of a medication.
There also have been reports of such pharmacies dispensing substandard products.
The filling pharmacy has a corresponding responsibility to ensure that the prescription is valid.
Often, individual state laws outline what defines a valid patient-doctor relationship.
Veterinary pharmacies stock different varieties and different strengths of medications to fulfill the pharmaceutical needs of animals.
Because the needs of animals, as well as the regulations on veterinary medicine, are often very different from those related to people, veterinary pharmacy is often kept separate from regular pharmacies.
Nuclear pharmacists undergo additional training specific to handling radioactive materials, and unlike in community and hospital pharmacies, nuclear pharmacists typically do not interact directly with patients.
Pharmacy informaticists work in many practice areas of pharmacy, however, they may also work in information technology departments or for healthcare information technology vendor companies.
As a practice area and specialist domain, pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals.
Pharmacists in this area are trained to participate in medication management system development, deployment and optimization.
Unlike a traditional community pharmacy where prescriptions for any common medication can be brought in and filled, specialty pharmacies carry novel medications that need to be properly stored, administered, carefully monitored, and clinically managed.
In addition to supplying these drugs, specialty pharmacies also provide lab monitoring, adherence counseling, and assist patients with cost-containment strategies needed to obtain their expensive specialty drugs.
They apply knowledge from chemistry (inorganic, physical, biochemical and analytical), biology (anatomy, physiology, biochemistry, cell biology, and molecular biology), epidemiology, statistics, chemometrics, mathematics, physics, and chemical engineering.
Pharmacodynamics: the study of the cellular and molecular interactions of drugs with their receptors.
Pharmacogenomics: the study of the inheritance of characteristic patterns of interaction between drugs and organisms.
Pharmaceutics: the study and design of drug formulation for optimum delivery, stability, pharmacokinetics, and patient acceptance.
As new discoveries advance and extend the pharmaceutical sciences, subspecialties continue to be added to this list.
Importantly, as knowledge advances, boundaries between these specialty areas of pharmaceutical sciences are beginning to blur.
These shared fundamental concepts further the understanding of their applicability to all aspects of pharmaceutical research and drug therapy.
In contemporary time researchers and health policy analysts have more deeply considered these traditions and their effects.
Advocates for separation and advocates for combining make similar claims for each of their conflicting perspectives, saying that separating or combining reduces conflict of interest in the healthcare industry, unnecessary health care, and lowers costs, while the opposite causes those things.
Research in various places reports mixed outcomes in different circumstances.
Rather than simply dispensing medication, pharmacists are increasingly expected to be compensated for their patient care skills.
Such services include the thorough analysis of all medication (prescription, non-prescription, and herbals) currently being taken by an individual.
The result is a reconciliation of medication and patient education resulting in increased patient health outcomes and decreased costs to the health care system.
They are also being paid for by the government for medicine use reviews.
D.) degree is now required before entering practice and some pharmacists now complete one or two years of residency or fellowship training following graduation.
In addition to patient care, pharmacies will be a focal point for medical adherence initiatives.
There is enough evidence to show that integrated pharmacy based initiatives significantly impact adherence for chronic patients.
All matters connected with the horses and formerly also the hounds of the sovereign, as well as the stables and coachhouses, the stud, mews and previously the kennels, are within his jurisdiction.
They were always officers of the army, and each of them was on duty for about the same time as the lords and grooms in waiting.
They are youths aged from twelve to sixteen, selected by the sovereign in person, to attend on him at state ceremonies.
The permanent equerry is an officer of major rank or equivalent, recruited from the three armed services in turn.
Many previous equerries have gone on to reach high rank.
When not required for duty he has additional regimental or staff duties.
As well as the superintendence of the royal stables, he had that of the retinue of the sovereign, also the charge of the funds set aside for the religious functions of the court, coronations, etc.
On the death of a sovereign he had the right to all the horses and their equipment in the royal stables.
He managed as well the stables, the carriages and the horses.
As such he was important in military matters, and often he had a tight connection with the army, and then especially with the army's cavalry units.
It was a deputy to the commander-in-chief (amir-spasalari) and a member of the royal council.
The desk also supports student organizations with socio-civic aims and activities.
Ino hatched a devious plot to get rid of the twins, roasting all the town's crop seeds so they would not grow.
The local farmers, frightened of famine, asked a nearby oracle for assistance.
He was ordered by the oracle to settle in a place where he should receive hospitality from wild beasts.
In his first year of competition he achieved four victories in the junior category at the end of the year and claimed the runner-up spot in the category.
The following year, he returned to compete in the junior category, where he had eight wins; and at the end of the campaign, he became the youngest driver to become champion of the category.
He was the third-youngest driver to take part in the series.
In the process, he won two-thirds of the races and a similar proportion of pole positions, and finished all but two races on the podium.
After leading the championship early in the season, he eventually finished fourth in the drivers' standings.
He suffered a sprained thigh and concussion, and did not take part in the race the following day, on medical grounds.
He improved to ninth place in the race, but raised poor qualifying form as an issue for the team.
I don't understand why the stewards don't take a serious decision with him.
Soon something serious will happen so he has to calm down.
He's extremely quick and he did a great job today but some of it is unnecessary and an issue when you are doing those speeds.
In the second half of the season he out qualified his teammate in six of the last nine races, and eight times throughout the season.
His theoretical contributions are in the field of user participation in mass housing, the integration of users and residents into the design process.
The visual result of his theory is the architecture of lively variety.
Habraken remains occupied with methods and theory of architectural and urban design.
He has lectured on these topics worldwide and is the author of a vast number of books, research reports, and many articles.
As a result, residents and architects protested against "unaesthetic" extensions on buildings and in private gardens of this area with a special cultural value.
They are given special chakra creatures to enhance their strength.
Naruto, clueless as usual, agrees without realizing the second meaning of her question.
In its second week the movie dropped to number eight and stayed there in its third week.
But you just never know how good it is, you know?".
This video ends in a cliffhanger as they get run over by a truck, but what happens to that was unclear.
Because of its high density this wood is well suited for the construction of these guitars.
The cracks between the roots are filled with clear epoxy.
This guitar was named after the sculptured cobra snake in the lower bout of the body, crowned with a diamond-like eye.
The pickups have eight magnetic poles to avoid dead spots when bending the thin strings and have an overdrive option with a gain control pot and do not hum.
Lang founded a pickup with all the advantages of a low impedance pickup, being higher fidelity and low noise.
She has developed modified mulberry which can cultivated in wastelands.
The climate is the typical time of day climate of the equatorial high mountains, the precipitate at the mean temperature fluctuations during the day than during the year.
Assemblymen were elected countywide on general tickets to a one-year term, the whole assembly being renewed annually.
The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Airing twelve plays over the course of its run, the series was nominated for a number of awards and featured many noteworthy actors and playwrights.
Playhouse ultimately commissioned thirteen playwrights to write scripts for the series.
Twelve broadcasts ultimately occurred before production stopped due to lack of sponsorship funding.
The chief activity of the group is the promotion of this document.
We hope also that it will be welcomed positively and will receive strong support.
This suggests that the two groups are intimately related, if not identical.
Develop a contemporary theology of land, peoplehood and promise that will enable clergy, scholars and laypersons to better pursue open conversation, study, and positive action.
The confusion between the "l" and the "r" in the name of a small place is nothing remarkable.
The sea in this region was unreliable in a storm and the bay offered near no protection from weather.
It was directly between the mountains and the coast, the city's fortifications didn't encompass the arable terraced part of the mountains.
There were no reliable sources of fresh water, but numerous cisterns located around the town indicated a heavy reliance on rain water.
Three ceramic lined vats found in the sunken district are suggested to have been holding tanks for the live snails until there were enough to be processed.
Though there was a rudimentary harbor with a jetty but not a breakwater, it is evident from the opulence presented by the city that there were more than enough resources to make one if they wanted.
The city boasted four churches, a great number of tombstones and good fortifications which indicate an affluence of that time.
Neumann, a liberal-minded churchman, was interested in simple music designed to appeal to "the widest possible congregation".
Weeks was elected mayor and the addition to the municipal power plant was opened.
Offering free lectures, tours, community events and a book shop.
Representatives of all religious faiths came to discuss the conditions of forgiveness and spiritual counsel of the incarcerated.
The area was once known as the "furniture capital of the world" for its many talented furniture and brass hardware manufacturers.
It houses mental health units as well physical, drug and alcohol rehab units.
There are now many small coffee shops and music studios in a rather vintage-looking district.
Students spend about half of their program at the college and the other half in a private company (such as a technology business or bank) or public institution.
The companies select the students and offer them a salaried contract.
An ait (pronounced , like "eight") or eyot (pronounced , , or ) is a small island.
Aits are typically formed by the deposit of sediment in the water, which accumulates over a period of time.
An ait is characteristically long and narrow, and may become a permanent island.
However, aits may also be eroded: the resulting sediment is deposited further downstream and could result in another ait.
A channel with numerous aits is called a braided channel.
River whirling along so fast that its skin was pulled into wrinkles like silk dragged over the floor.
The city is well known for its production of fruit, tanneries, food products and textiles.
It is estimated that more than six thousand people died, and thousands more were left homeless and destitute by the disaster.
It is not a very wide or deep river, but can cause significant flooding during periods of heavy rainfall.
Throughout the years, the river has cut a deep basin into the land, creating the need for better bridges.
Vehicle bodywork, especially for large transport vehicles is one of the largest employers in the city.
Other areas of economic development include textiles, glass fabrication, foodstuffs, and shoes.
The rich volcanic soil of the area are home to a large amount of farms and a great diversity of agricultural products.
In the last few years, concerns about security in the park have led city leaders to re-think the space.
In addition to walking paths, there are open fields, basketball and volley courts, as well as a large garden features an impressive amount of native species.
Atocha is also famous for the production of colada morada, a purple, spiced drink that is traditionally consumed with bread.
There are plans to renovate the aging bus terminal, making it the main terminal in a network of terminals around the city.
Even though, the languages courses were the very first goal of the new campus.
It features three players per team on a small court with a high net.
Players normally use a soccer ball in place of a volleyball.
The lowly mounted gun protruded far from the vehicle's front, which resulted in cumbersome maneuverability in urban or forested areas and could cause problems in undulating terrain, where the vehicle could potentially ram its own muzzle into the ground if not driven carefully.
Should the need for upgrading the vehicle with a bigger and heavier gun arise, all these problems were expected to be massively exacerbated.
Additionally, a third, empty, hull was made for armour tests under life fire circumstances.
Several problems emerged, among them was the heating up of the vehicle's interior due to insufficient engine cooling.
This was especially severe in the case of the driver, who was seated next to the engine and whose working station heated up to unbearable temperatures in summer.
Another problem emerging was the very crammed and uncomfortable crew compartment.
Yet these issues were deemed solvable and the vehicles were recommended for mass production after application of several modifications to address the prototypes' problems.
The main gun protruded from the crew compartment and arched over the vehicle's engine.
While the driver was seated in the front left side of the vehicle next to the engine, the rest of the crew was placed in the crew compartment around the main gun in the rear.
Access to the vehicle was provided by a door in the rear of the vehicle.
This additionally increased crew survivability, as in the case of an emergency evacuation the crew could exit the vehicle without exposing themselves to enemy fire as much as an evacuation through the roof hatches would require.
The very limited gun depression is one of the fundamental drawbacks of a rear-mounted gun layout.
The company often uses a frame design where the bike's top tube extends rearward past the seat tube, claimed to reduce the vibration transferred to the seat from the rear wheel.
This sugar occupies a truly central position in vascular transport, carbon partitioning within the plant, and as a source of sugar signals for responsive genes.
Her group thus focuses on genes that affect sucrose metabolism, its contribution to sugar signaling, and its partitioning to different end products.
Particular attention is being directed toward maize kernel (fruit) development, cell-wall composition, and mechanisms of sugar transfer.
Single-gene knockout mutants are being used to examine gene function.
Current projects are testing hypotheses for carbon-partitioning and gene expression in developing maize ovaries from floral differentiation to kernel harvest, and for involvement of key genes in cell wall biosynthesis at strategic stages of development (e.g.
Diverse approaches are testing mechanisms of phloem function and carbon partitioning in maize and arabidopsis.
Central focus is heat-tolerance of genes for kernel dry weight.
Single-gene knock-outs provide an outstanding means of testing gene function, and mutant lines are now available for over a third of maize genes.
Her research on carbohydrate metabolism and sugar signaling is known internationally and her training of plant biology students is legendary'.
However, it was held due to an appeal to the court.
He ended the season not classified in the drivers' championship on zero points.
Resembling railway signals, they use semaphore arms and are illuminated at night by red and green gas lamps.
A riot breaks out at the end of the performance.
There are many other municipalities with this bilingual profile throughout the state.
Character creation employs a class-and-level system; classes include wizards, spellcasters, knights, and anti-paladins.
The game includes maps, a sample town, and an introductory scenario.
Communist authorities subsequently attempted to erase all evidence of his stay in prison, and most documents were destroyed.
Because of the bridge's height and slope, it is prone to being shut down during inclement weather.
The pilings, the pier, and surrounding piers had experienced significant corrosion because of the composition of the surrounding soil.
The corrosion caused the pilings to buckle, leading to the sag.
After the incident, the pier and the bridge were fitted with sensors, which have not detected any further movement in the bridge.
Day was also considered one of the originators of long-form, one-on-one interviews with various celebrities and public figures.
She is cared for by servants, who allow her to become a spoiled, aggressive and selfish child.
She dislikes her new home, the people living in it, and most of all, the bleak moor on which it sits.
Mary becomes interested in finding the secret garden herself, and her ill manners begin to soften as a result.
Mary wonders about both the secret garden and the mysterious cries that echo through the house at night.
Colin is put into his wheelchair and brought outside into the secret garden.
It is the first time he has been outdoors for years.
Colin stands up from his chair and finds that his legs are fine, though weak from long disuse.
He walks the outer garden wall in his wife's memory, but hears voices inside, finds the door unlocked, and is shocked to see the garden in full bloom, and his son healthy.
Burnett kept an extensive garden, including an impressive rose garden.
It is often noted as one of the best children's books of the twentieth century.
Its gameplay mainly consists of reading and progressing through the story's narrative and dialogue.
The gameplay requires little interaction from the player as most of the duration of the game is spent on simply reading the text that will appear on the screen; this text represents either dialogue between the various characters, or the inner thoughts of the protagonist.
Every so often, the player will come to a "decision point" where they are given the chance to choose from options that are displayed on the screen, typically two to three at a time.
During these times, gameplay pauses until a choice is made that furthers the plot in a specific direction, depending on which choice the player makes.
There are five main plot lines that the player will have the chance to experience, one for each of the five heroines in the story.
In order to view the five plot lines to their entirety, the player will have to replay the game multiple times and choose different choices during the decision points in order to further the plot in an alternate direction.
Sheila is a skilled magic user, and has a sweet, polite personality, however, she is scary once angered.
Neithright is an introverted girl who used to be a princess also, however, due to some issues, her parents divorced and she became a normal girl.
He learned the trade of barrelmaking there and worked several years at that task.
He was accused of having bomb-making instructions with the intent to publish them.
They have a relationship of mutual parity and they take part in the so-called "political process" (funzione politica), that is, they directly determine the goals to be pursued by the state.
Because these institutions are directly defined by the constitution, codification of any of them is a modification of the constitution and therefore requires the passage of a constitutional law.
Their very existence, however, constitutes a limit on the modification of the constitution.
A minority opinion, emphasising the treatment of the regional councils, have questioned this argument.
Legal provisions directly dealing with these administrations, governing the behaviour of public employees generally, remain rare.
The entire public sector's freedom from the legal and economic regulations of contracts derives from the principle of "autodicy" (autodichia), that is, the idea that constitutional institutions should be in charge of their own internal regulation.
He worked as a medical assistant for one year and as a university professor.
However, she failed to collect enough petition signatures for a non-partisan candidacy.
Its objectives included the legalization of same-sex marriage, the reopening of former brothels ("closed houses"), a guaranteed minimum wage for young people, improvements to the judiciary, and the elimination of the privileges of the rich political "caste".
The club is known for focusing on youth and talent development.
Brixtofte was forced to step down as chairman and the club became close to bankruptcy.
Following an investigation from his creditors, it was found that the sale was forced through without the bank's consent, and that the value for which the club was sold was too low, which ultimate reduced the finances the creators received for the sale.
In this first stage it receives several streams specially on its northern side.
The area that is now a swamp was dug out and fitted with water gates to become a fresh water reservoir.
The gardens are viewed via flat-bottom boat or foot paths.
In computer networking, split-horizon route advertisement is a method of preventing routing loops in distance-vector routing protocols by prohibiting a router from advertising a route back onto the interface from which it was learned.
With the split-horizon rule in place, this particular loop scenario cannot happen, improving convergence time in complex, highly-redundant environments.
The effect of such an announcement is to immediately remove most looping routes before they can propagate through the network.
The main disadvantage of poison reverse is that it can significantly increase the size of routing announcements in certain fairly common network topologies, but it allows for the improvement of the overall efficiency of the network in case of faults.
Split horizon states that if a neighboring router sends a route to a router, the receiving router will not propagate this route back to the advertising router on the same interface.
With route poisoning, when a router detects that one of its connected routes has failed, the router will poison the route by assigning an infinite metric to it and advertising it to neighbors.
When a router advertises a poisoned route to its neighbors, its neighbors break the rule of split horizon and send back to the originator the same poisoned route, called a poison reverse.
In order to give the router enough time to propagate the poisoned route and to ensure that no routing loops occur while propagation occurs, the routers implement a hold-down mechanism.
They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids.
Her works frequently employ visual puns and bawdy humour, and include photography, collage and found objects.
Lucas frequently appropriates masculine constructions to confront and dissect their nature.
Her pieces represent a fantastical world and playfully employs unrealistic ideals to unearth obscene paradoxes created by those very constructions.
Sexuality is not apparent in her works and a lack of association with morality leaves viewers at the free will of her humorous narratives.
Lucas takes on the role as a source of reflecting sexism, but not overtly commenting on it.
Whether its through recognizable forms or her own mythologized fantasies, her ideas constantly build and transform.
She appears to never be satisfied with her outcome and scours every imaginable medium for an outlet that is fitting.
Nanoarchitectures for lithium-ion batteries are attempts to employ nanotechnology to improve the design of lithium-ion batteries.
Research in lithium-ion batteries focuses on improving energy density, power density, safety, durability and cost.
Electrode capacities are compared through three different measures: capacity per unit of mass (known as "specific energy" or "gravimetric capacity"), capacity per unit volume ("volumetric capacity"), and area-normalized specific capacity ("areal capacity").
Power density is based upon mass and charge transport, electronic and ionic conductivity, and electron-transfer kinetics; easy transport through shorter distance and greater surface area improve the rates.
The latter damages the battery and reduces the amount of lithium available for charging.
The specific capacity of silicon is approximately ten times greater than carbon.
Reducing the anode architecture to the nanoscale offers advantages, including improved cycle life and reduced crack propagation and failure.
Nanoscale particles are below the critical flaw size within a conductive binder film.
Reducing transport lengths(the distance between the anode and cathode) reduces ohmic losses (resistance).
Nanostructuring increases the surface area to volume ratio, which improves both energy and power density due to an increase in the electrochemically active area and a reduction in transport lengths.
However, the increase also increases side reactions between the electrode and the electrolyte, causing higher self-discharge, reduced charge/discharge cycles and lower calendar life.
Some recent work focused on developing materials that are electrochemically active within the range where electrolyte decomposition or electrolyte/electrode reactions do not occur.
Three-dimensional thin-films use the third dimension to increase the electrochemically active area.
One way to create perforations is through inductive coupled plasma etching on silicon.
Another approached used highly anisotropic etching of a silicon substrate through electrochemical or reactive ion etching to create deep trenches.
The requisite layers, an anode, separator, and cathode, for a battery were then added by low-pressure chemical vapor deposition.
The battery consists of a thin active silicon layer separated from a thin cathodic layer by a solid-state electrolyte.
For this design power and energy density is maximized by minimizing electrode separation.
An innate non-uniform current density occurs and lowers cell efficiencies, reduces stability and produces non-uniform heating within the cell.
The alternating design exhibits better uniformity, given a high number of electrodes of opposite polarity.
Performance can be increased through changing the shape of the poles.
The triangular design improves cell capacity and power by sacrificing current uniformity.
The battery was no larger than a grain of sand.
The process placed anodes and cathodes closer to each other than before.
The ink for the anode was nanoparticles of one lithium metal oxide compound, and the ink for the cathode from nanoparticles of another.
The printer deposited the inks onto the teeth of two gold combs, forming an interlaced stack of anodes and cathodes.
Instead of discrete anode and cathode poles, the anode or cathode is kept as a pole that is coated by electrolyte.
The other electrode serves as the continuous phase in which the anode/cathode resides.
The main advantage is that the amount of electrolyte is reduced, increasing energy density.
This design maintains a short transport distance like the interdigitated system and thus has a similar benefit to charge and mass transport, while minimizing ohmic loses.
This method leads to a battery with short transport lengths, high ionic conductivity and reasonable electrical conductivity.
It removes the need for additives that do not contribute to electrochemical performance.
Performance can be improved by coating with tin oxide nanoparticles to enhance the initial capacity.
The reason for this interest is because of shortened transport lengths, resistance to degradation and storage.
Nanowires have been incorporated into the anode/cathode matrix to provide a builtin conductive charge collector and enhancing capacity.
The nanowires were incorporated through a solution-based method that allows the active material to be printed on a substrate.
The aperoidic structure is typically made of either aerogels or somewhat more dense ambigels that forms a porous aperiodic sponge.
Aerogels and ambigels are formed from wet gels; aerogels are formed when wet gels are dried such that no capillary forces are established, while ambigels are wet gels dried under conditions that minimize capillary forces.
The solid is covalently networked and resistant to agglomeration and sintering.
Beyond aperiodicity, these structures are used because the porous structure allows for rapid diffusion throughout the material, and the porous structure provides a large reaction surface.
As geometries become more complex, non-line-of-sight methods to in-fill the design with electrolyte materials supply the oppositely charged electrode is essential.
These batteries can be coated with various materials to improve their performance and stability.
However, chemical and physical heterogeneity leaves molecular-level control a significant challenge, especially since the electrochemistry for energy storage is not defect-tolerant.
Electrostatically binding a charged polymer to an oppositely charged surface coats the surface with polymer.
Repeated steps of oppositely charged polymer build up a well-controlled thick layer.
However, problems exist with the deposition of polymers within complex geometries, e.g.
The precision is because reactions are confined to the surface containing an active chemical moiety that reacts with a precursor; this limits thickness to one monolayer.
This self-limiting growth is essential for complete coatings since deposition does not inhibit the access by other polymeric units to non-coated sites.
Morphology can alter electrochemical behavior and therefore must be carefully controlled.
The iron was then coatedwith palladium nanoparticles, which effectively reduced carbon's destructive reaction with oxygen and improved the discharge cycle.
The electropolymerization of an insulating polymer results in self-limiting deposition as the active moiety is protected; the deposition can also be self-limiting if the polymer can block the solubilized monomer and prohibit continued growth.
Through the control of electrochemical variables, polyaniline and polythiophene can be deposited in a controlled manner.
Styrene, methyl methacrylate, phenols and other electrically insulating polymers have been deposited on the electrodes to act as a separator that allows ionic transport, but inhibits electrical transport to prevent shorts.
Uniform coatings require the architecture to be wetted by the monomer solution; this can be achieved through a solution that displays a similar surface energy to that of the porous solid.
As the scale continuous to decrease and transport through the solid becomes more difficult, pre-equilibration is needed to ensure coating uniformity.
It includes a number of notable historic homes and buildings and has been home to numerous people in the film and music industries, dating back to the silent film era.
Crowe survived the shooting but did not report it to police.
A picture maze is a maze puzzle that forms a picture when solved.
Fill the squares along the path to reveal the hidden picture.
It is interesting to note that because of two rules, it is far simpler to reverse the process to solve this puzzle.
Starting at a dead end, the path is filled until it reaches an intersection with three or more paths connecting to it.
This process is repeated until all dead-end paths are filled, often showing the shortest path.
On larger pieces, this is the only way to solve, as there are too many possible but incorrect paths, and chance of finding the correct path based on intuition, logic or simple luck is almost nonexistent.
His designs included ships, dolphins, crabs, dogs, snails, horsemen and human figures.
It is doubtful whether any of his designs were actually constructed in hedges.
A notable feature of the temple is its huge bronze bell, about four feet in diameter and six feet in height.
In earlier centuries, the chiming of the bell could be heard even in areas far from the temple.
It is believed that, by offering salt and pepper, any severe diseases affected to anyone recovers soon.
After crawling a small distance they reached the neglected well and from where the serpent went down and disappeared.
Thus the number of endemic species is likely to be a gross underestimate.
Apart from these international biosphere reserves there are national biosphere reserves being designated.
However, no regions have been declared under these categories so far.
However necessary rules and regulations are introduced to protect wildlife and their habitats.
These areas differ from strict nature reserves by allowing traditional human activities to continue.
In the sanctuaries protection of habitat and allowing of human activities occur simultaneously.
A maritime disaster is an event which usually involves a ship or ships and can involve military action.
Although sea travel is very safe, it is almost impossible to save every life.
All ships, including those of the military, are vulnerable to problems from weather conditions, faulty design or human error.
Some of the disasters below occurred in periods of conflict, although their losses were unrelated to any military action.
The table listings are in descending order of the magnitude of casualties suffered.
A foliar nutrient is any liquid substance applied directly to the foliage of a growing plant for the purpose of delivering an essential nutrient in an immediately available form.
Sexual jealousy is a special form of jealousy in sexual relationships, present in animals that reproduce through internal fertilization, and is based on suspected or imminent sexual infidelity.
It is founded on the instinct of keeping genes in the gene pool and expecting sexual partners to care for the offspring.
The concept is studied in human and non-human primates in the field of evolutionary psychology.
Evolutionary psychologists have suggested that there is a gender difference in sexual jealousy driven by men and women's different reproductive biology.
For men it is felt as a threat to his relationship's future because he could be cuckolded into raising children that are not his own.
For women they can lose their relationship and all the benefits that entails to another.
Research has shown that men are impacted more by sexual infidelity, while women are more impacted by emotional infidelity.
Typically men will place a lot of importance on their masculinity and sexual dominance.
When the male's partner commits infidelity, these two components of his ego become severely threatened which is why men are more upset when a partner has sex with someone else.
In contrast, women invest a lot of emotion into a relationship and will experience a threat to their self-perception when a partner commits infidelity, hence why women are more concerned with emotional infidelity rather than the sexual kind.
Some research has suggested that there are no sex differences in sexual jealousy, concluding that males and females both equally experience distress over emotional and sexual infidelity.
Sexual jealousy is cross-culturally universal but how it manifests itself may differ across cultures.
Therefore, jealousy is likely to be evoked in females if they feel that their partner may leave them for another woman; this has been shown to be more likely to occur if the male commits emotional infidelity.
Emotional infidelity occurs when one partner develops a meaningful, emotional attachment with someone outside of their primary romantic relationship.
They found that more females than males reported a partner's emotional infidelity as the most distressing event.
As well as using self-report measures, the researchers measured the participants' physiological responses (heart rate and electrodermal activity) to the scenarios; women were also found to be more physiologically upset to the idea of their partners committing emotional infidelity.
This would also be costly, since their resources would be used on females' offspring that is not theirs.
Male sexual jealousy manifests itself in the emotion of jealousy, using or threatening with violence to ensure sexual exclusivity and the inclination to control women.
This idea of males ensuring sexual exclusivity has also led to laws on adultery.
From an evolutionary perspective, the jealousy arises from this threat of investing in non-biologically related offspring and thus is most strongly felt over their mate's sexual infidelity than their emotional infidelity.
It can take several forms in behaviour: aggression and violence, and possessiveness or controlling behaviour towards their mate.
Threats to a relationship can arise from other sources too, such as the presence of rivals, cues to infidelity and partner dissatisfaction with the relationship.
Gamasutra encourages professionals to publish blogs in order to share their expertise with other developers.
Analysis articles are popular reads as writers spark discussions on game design and the various trends of the industry.
The editorial staff offers help in shaping, polishing, and editing articles before publication.
A broad range of topics can be selected given the audience, which consists of businesspeople, educators, and developers, both professional and aspiring.
Gamasutra also requires a thirty-day exclusivity period from the date of publication, after which the writer is free to take the article elsewhere and retains ownership.
Users are also allowed to comment on articles, but there is a strict set of rules.
Users are encouraged to post only constructive thoughts that add to the conversation.
An episode is released every week with a guest indie developer hosting the podcast in addition to the two creators of the show.
The interviewees answer a set of questions posed by the interviewer including questions regarding their inspirations and hardships.
The page is also split into three categories; desktop, console and mobile to organize the interviews by platform interests.
Articles are written on any topic in the indie game sector.
The privately held investment fund provides operational financing as well as professional services to support the projects in their development.
The fund has also developed its own activity in company restructuring and financing.
The story concerns the silence which has prevailed over a traumatic incident from their childhood which for years they have been unwilling to talk about and come to terms with.
It has seventeen scenes and no interval with the play lasting approximately two hours in performance.
It frequently self-sows, which may create a perception that the plants are perennial.
The plant may flower during its first year when sown early.
The flowers are a range of colours from white to dark red, including pink, yellow and orange.
The darker red variety seems to favour sandy soils, while the lighter colour seems to favour clay soils.
The plants are easily grown from seed, and readily self-seed.
However, tender plants, whether young from seed or from old stock, may be wiped out by slugs and snails.
It is used to control inflammation, to stop bedwetting and as a mouthwash in cases of bleeding gums.
He performed fitness routines live on-air in highly coloured outfits, which quickly became his trademark.
He performed a fitness routine while encouraging the crowd to join in and generally increase the amount of exercise they do and their enjoyment of doing it.
They have surrounded themselves with guns and liquor, and they kill time by joking and bickering with scatological language.
But as their isolation from the world progresses, their drinking and arguing intensifies.
The police arrive at the warehouse and the gangsters are taken away.
Mailer disregarded that suggestion and went forward by self-distributing the film.
The accident and the shifting musical climate cause the band to go on hiatus shortly thereafter.
One early reviewer described it as "a balanced, melodic album for fans of radio friendly, nostalgic rock".
It was built as a residence and later served as a rooming house for most of its existence.
The arena hosts local concerts and sporting events, including boxing, basketball, auto racing, wrestling, and rodeos, as well as conventions, trade shows, circuses, dances and banquets for the area.
It is used for trade shows, conventions, banquets, luncheons and other special events.
It is divisible into four smaller rooms and is served by a modern full-line kitchen.
The banquet hall is unique in that it is lit by tracks of colored lights.
It gets its name from the street that crosses the railroad tracks next to the station.
It has a farmers' market in its parking lot from the summer to the early fall.
The station house has been leased out as a restaurant for many years.
There was a lecture on sailent features of the constitution in each school.
Most people in the commune are occupied in agriculture with low levels of education.
Smoking opium addiction and drug use is a major problem in the commune.
It is the home of the national government, principal port, and the chief industrial and cultural center of the country.
Many historians have claimed that this war provoked a steady downfall of the city and country, since it massacred two thirds of the country's population.
Relative humidity is high in the summer, so the heat index is higher than the true air temperature.
The attractiveness of the city can be attributed to its easy going tax policies.
Incentives like these attract significant foreign investment into the city.
This port is strategically located inside a bay and it is where most freight enters and leaves the country.
Public transportation is used heavily and is served through buses that reach all the regions of the city and surrounding dormitory communities.
It is in between the blue towers, and is now the largest shopping mall in the country.
Since it is a national stadium sometimes it is used for other activities such as rock concerts.
Even so, to those who enter the lime avenues long being kept clear of encroaching undergrowth, this wilderness contains mystery and beauty as well as melancholy.
It is intended it should become a safer place, a more attractive place and a place of education for visitors of all ages.
All three are remembered by monuments in the core of the church.
Elements of the address, including the post town and postcode are occasionally subject to change, reflecting the operational structure of the postal delivery system.
Each address is therefore not necessarily a geographically accurate description of where a property is located.
Licensing options include internal and external use and also more advanced options such as bureau services and broker groups.
In addition, licensed public sector organisations will be able to share data with other licensed organisations and work collaboratively on data-led projects.
This file is used to identify these elements and cross-reference with the official postal address.
A very small number of addresses are not listed correctly, and others (especially new developments) may not be listed at all for a period of time.
The proposal to release it for use at low or no cost was rejected, and the business model where it was used to raise money from profitable corporations was retained.
In this mechanism, one bond is broken and one bond is formed synchronously, i.e., in one step.
The reaction type is so common that it has other names, e.g.
The leaving group is then pushed off the opposite side and the product is formed with inversion of the tetrahedral geometry at the central atom.
Therefore, this mechanism usually occurs at unhindered primary and secondary carbon centres.
This is because the nucleophile attacks from the back of the substrate, thus breaking the carbon-leaving group bond and forming the carbon-nucleophile bond.
Overall, this means that methyl and primary substrates react the fastest, followed by secondary substrates.
The methoxide anion, for example, is both a strong base and nucleophile because it is a methyl nucleophile, and is thus very much unhindered.
Nucleophile strength is also affected by charge and electronegativity: nucleophilicity increases with increasing negative charge and decreasing electronegativity.
In a polar aprotic solvent, nucleophilicity increases up a column of the periodic table as there is no hydrogen bonding between the solvent and nucleophile; in this case nucleophilicity mirrors basicity.
Polar aprotic solvents, like tetrahydrofuran, are better solvents for this reaction than polar protic solvents because polar protic solvents will hydrogen bond to the nucleophile, hindering it from attacking the carbon with the leaving group.
The more stable the conjugate base of the leaving group is, the more likely that it will take the two electrons of its bond to carbon during the reaction.
Therefore, the weaker the leaving group is as a conjugate base, and thus the stronger its corresponding acid, the better the leaving group.
This type of reaction is often called a pseudo first order reaction.
Thus, after only a few percent solvolysis of an enantiospecific substrate, it becomes racemic.
This is more common when the incoming ion is sterically hindered in which case abstracting a proton is much easier.
Elimination reactions are usually favoured at elevated temperatures because of increased entropy.
As steric hindrance around the electrophilic center increases, as with isobutyl bromide, substitution is disfavored and elimination is the predominant reaction.
Other factors favoring elimination are the strength of the base.
In general, gas phase reactions and solution phase reactions of this type follow the same trends, even though in the first, solvent effects are eliminated.
When the chloride ions have sufficient velocity, the energy of the resulting iodide ions after the collision is much lower than expected, and it is theorized that energy is lost as a result of a full roundabout of the methyl group around the iodine atom before the actual displacement takes place.
Neckwear refers to various styles of clothing worn around the (human) neck.
They are worn for fashion, combat, or protection against the influences of weather.
Common neckwear today include bow ties, neckties (cravat), scarves, feather boas and shawls.
A series of fixed ladders and two pitches lead to sporting streamways, sandy crawls and fossil passages.
After the ladders a short crawl through a precarious boulder choke (take care not to touch the scaffolding) leads to a concreted climb down with a scaffold bar sticking out of it.
There is a p-hanger on the right at the bottom of this climb for a traverse line to the next climb.
Once you meet the water continue along the streamway to enter the main section of the cave.
Care should be taken not to swallow any water in the streamway as sewage is discharged into it.
An additional block was planned with a machine gun turret, not completed.
They spin threads of life, cut marks in the pole figures and measure people's destinies, which shows the fate of all human beings and gods.
Norns are always present when a child is born and decide its fate.
It has a fat stem and a daisy-like polyp with sparse tentacles surrounding a group of reproductive sporosacs which in turn surround the pink and white oral tentacles.
The body of the hydranths (feeding individuals) as well as the gonophores (reproductive polyps) are pinky red, while the tentacles are transparent white.
Galway got a bye into the final without picking up a hurley.
The game ended in remarkable circumstances as the crowd invaded the pitch with a minute to go, mistaking the referee's whistle for the end of the game.
Wexford, however, were not the force of old and the side got off to possibly the worst start ever by a team in a championship decider.
The track's turns are banked at twenty-four degrees, and both the front stretch (the location of the finish line) and the backstretch are banked at nine degrees.
The two railroads that created it were steadily losing passengers, freight traffic and money; and were heavily burdened by years of accumulated debt and extensive, money-losing commuter operations.
The two-factor model of personality is a widely used psychological factor analysis measurement of personality, behavior and temperament.
It most often consists of a matrix measuring the factor of introversion and extroversion with some form of people versus task orientation.
Two of these temperaments, sanguine and choleric, shared a common trait: quickness of response (corresponding to "heat"), while the melancholic and phlegmatic shared the opposite, a longer response (coldness).
The melancholic and choleric, however, shared a sustained response (dryness), and the sanguine and phlegmatic shared a short-lived response (wetness).
This meant that the choleric and melancholic both would tend to hang on to emotions like anger, and thus appear more serious and critical than the fun-loving sanguine, and the peaceful phlegmatic.
However, the choleric would be characterized by quick expressions of anger (like the sanguine, with the difference being that the sanguine cools off); while the melancholic would build up anger slowly, silently, before exploding.
Also, the melancholic and sanguine would be sort of "opposites", as the choleric and phlegmatic, since they have opposite traits.
These are the basis of the two factors that would define temperament in the modern theory.
This one dimension measured "movement" towards, against and away from people.
This would result in the coping strategies, in which these three "neurotic" patterns would be paired with a fourth, "healthy" one called "movement with people".
These would describe behaviors associated with both extroversion and reacting to people, in which people attempt to avoid getting hurt, by either distancing themselves from others or maintaining self-sufficiency and independence on one hand; or approaching others, attempting to control or exploit them, and otherwise gain power and recognition; or "give in" to them to gain acceptance and approval, on the other.
This led to his viewing people's behavior along two axes, with their attention being either "passive" or "active", depending on the individual's perception of his or her environment as either "favorable" or "antagonistic".
Four were the original humors, and five were balanced in one or both scales.
In the control area, there is a tenth group created by a further division of the low e/high w range.
This would form a second strain of temperament theory, one which enjoys the most popularity today.
He determined that the phlegmatic type has no interest in either the beautiful or the sublime, so there was an absence of both (sb).
A student-run advertising agency acts like a real advertising agency, but is operated by students.
The agency can be included in the academic curriculum, allowing students to work in the agency for academic credit.
Or, the agency can simply be housed within the academic unit, allowing students to work in the agency for volunteer experience.
In other cases, the agency can operate as a student club within the broader organizational structure of the university.
The student-run agency provides advertising and similar communications services to various organizations such as college departments, small businesses, and community-based non-profit organizations.
Other agencies have a philanthropic focus whereby communications work is conducted for free for nonprofits, while for-profit entities are asked to make a charitable donation to the agency to support its learner-centered focus.
As is the case with communications agencies in the real world, student-run agencies typically offer a variety of support to clients, including public relations, marketing, promotions, and social media support.
The main appeal of a student-run advertising agency for clients is that the agency can provide professional-quality work at no cost or very small cost.
The primary appeal for students is that they gain real-world experience unlike anything that can result from a traditional classroom experience.
Students working in this environment have to mentor each other.
Students learn to engage in "reverse mentoring" whereby they typically have more experience and knowledge of communication than their clients - so they must educate the clients.
In all agency environments, development of time management and teamwork skills is essential.
Students must collaborate to produce work that satisfies the client and the agency supervisor (typically a faculty member).
This balance of responsibilities and oversight makes the student-run agency an ideal learning experience and preparation for the professional workplace.
Her work focuses on issues of migration, uprooting, exile and architecture of emergency.
The palimpsestic writing/painting of the canvas reflect the city's building and rebuilding, and the sedimentation process by which its successive identities are projected onto material and immaterial elements.
It involves research, installation, drawing, painting, performance, experimental video, documentary filmmaking, and architectural model.
It revolves around three key objectives: to make visible stories that were erased and activate them as site specific performance, to produce visual critical documentation, and to create spaces of dialogue between local communities.
The project seeks to reflect different cultural, social, political, biological and ritual perspectives on the aging of migrant women.
First, she examines the "encoding" of the body through the language, new for the women, that is used in the set of institutions they have to deal with, for instance administrative, medical and juridical institutions.
Second, she looks into the "narrative" of the body or the way the women represent and perform their body at the crossroads of their own culture and the culture of the host society.
Melrose used to be a small town, with a train track running right through the town.
The town even had its own post office and zip code.
The character is a formidable fighter possessing the innate ability to control ice in many forms.
In the end, the staff was satisfied with his final look in the game as it reminisces them to his classic outfit.
Saturday morning the day starts early with the balloon fly-in.
After the evening launch, the pilots all come back to the launch field and re-inflate their balloons, then led by a countdown, they all light their torches together and the crowd is treated to all the balloons glowing together on the field.
Many years there are some canceled due to inclement weather such as rain or heavy wind.
Species in the family are mostly saprobic on wood, although some grow on lichens.
It also contains the ruins of two medieval monastic houses.
Eleven people in all, including two lay choristers who had been instrumental in organising the revolt were hanged, drawn and quartered.
The player typically strums the chords with the left hand.
The right hand plays the melody strings by depressing spring steel strips that hold small lead hammers over the strings.
A brief stab on a metal strip bounces the hammer off a string pair to produce a single note.
Holding the strip down makes the hammer bounce on the double strings, which produces a mandolin-like tremolo.
This type of music, similar to tablature, was produced for those who could not read standard notation.
Capacity building (or capacity development) is the process by which individual and organizations obtain, improve, and retain the skills and knowledge needed to do their jobs competently.
Capacity building and capacity development are often used interchangeably; however, some people interpret capacity building as not recognizing people's existing capacity whereas capacity development recognizes existing capacities which require improvement.
Community capacity building is a conceptual approach to social, behavioral change and leads to infrastructure development in case of water and sanitation that focuses on understanding the obstacles that inhibit people, governments, international organizations and non-governmental organizations from realizing their development goals while enhancing the abilities that will allow them to achieve measurable and sustainable results.
Wide use of the term has resulted in controversy over its true meaning.
Community capacity building often refers to strengthening the skills, competencies and abilities of people and communities in developing societies so they can overcome the causes of their exclusion and suffering.
Fundraising, training centers, exposure visit, office and documentation support, on the job training, learning centers and consultants are all some forms of capacity building.
To prevent international aid for development from becoming perpetual dependency, developing nations are adopting strategies provided by the organizations in the form of capacity building.
Capacity building uses a country's human, scientific, technological, organizational, and institutional and resource capabilities.
The goal of capacity building is to tackle problems related to policy and methods of development, while considering the potential, limits and needs of the people of the country concerned.
It also calls for the establishment of conditions that will allow individuals to engage in the "process of learning and adapting to change".
It should not involve creating new institutions, rather modernizing existing institutions and supporting them in forming sound policies, organizational structures, and effective methods of management and revenue control.
Community capacity building must be used to develop public administrators that are responsive and accountable.
It is, however, important to put into consideration the principles that govern community capacity building.
This is demonstrated through the functional presence of a combination of most of the following factors: viable institutions and respective organizations; commitment and vision of leadership; financial and material resources; skilled human resources.
It refers to the process of enhancing an organization's abilities to perform specific activities.
People's capacities and institutional capacity and a society's capacity change over time.
A focus on what development policies and investments work best to strengthen the abilities, networks, skills and knowledge base cannot be a one-off intervention.
And often in crises and post conflict situations there is a need for such.
But even short-term capacity gains, such as increase in monetary incentives or introducing a new information system, must be supported by a sustained resource and political commitment to yield longer term results that truly impact on existing capacities.
Capacity development is about who and how and where the decisions are made, management takes place, services are delivered and results are monitored and evaluated.
It is primarily an endogenous process, and whilst supported and facilitated by the international development community, it cannot be owned or driven from the outside.
At the end of the day, it is about capable and transformational states, which enable capable and resilient societies to achieve their own development objectives over time.
In response, a series of "social dimension adjustments were enacted".
If stakeholders are involved and share ownership in the process of development they will feel more responsible for the outcome and sustainability of the development.
Engaging stakeholder's who are directly affected by the situation allows for more effective decision-making, it also makes development work more transparent.
Strong leadership allows for easier adaption to changes, strong leaders can also influence people.
They believe greater investments should be made in establishing strong education systems and opportunities for continued learning and the development of professional skills.
They support the engagement in post-secondary education reforms, continued learning and domestic knowledge services.
A lack of accountability measures in institutions allows for the proliferation of corruption.
They also promote independent organizations that oversee, monitor and evaluate institutions.
They promote the development of capacities such as literacy and language skills in civil societies that will allow for increased engagement in monitoring institutions.
It should involve continual reassessment and expect change depending on changing situations.
It should include evaluative indicators to measure the effective of initiated programs.
Measurements should be based on changes in an institutions performance.
Evaluations should be based on changes in performance based around the four main issues: institutional arrangements, leadership, knowledge, and accountability.
The underlying idea behind this theory is that development agencies are tasked with facilitating growth in these four areas in order to speed up the process of development or make the process more equitable.
Developing a government's capacity whether at the local, regional or national level will allow for better governance that can lead to sustainable development and democracy.
To avoid authoritarianism in developing nations, a focus has been placed on developing the abilities and skills of national and local governments so power can be diffused across a state.
Capacity building in governments often involves providing the tools to help them best fulfill their responsibilities.
These include building up a government's ability to budget, collect revenue, create and implement laws, promote civic engagement, be transparent and accountable and fight corruption.
This establishes a social structure to reduce citizen conflict within the state and a means to organize agricultural production for optimal output.
Adjusting methods of taxation is another way to consolidate power in a weak state's government.
This can be done through increasing government revenue through increased taxation and also formalizing tax collection by collecting taxes in cash instead of in kind.
Providing weak local government institutions with the capacity to address pertinent problems, reinforces the weak governments and brings them closer to being institutionalized.
This approach helped the municipal government identify priority families and communities for intervention, as well as rationalize the allocation of its social development funds.
More importantly, it made definite steps to encourage community participation in situation analysis, planning, monitoring and evaluation of social development projects by building the capacity of local government officials, indigenous leaders and other stakeholders to converge in the management of these concerns.
Similar to the concept of mimetic isomorphism used in organizational theory, isomorphic mimicry refers to the tendency of government to mimic other governments' successes by replicating methods and policy designs deemed successful in other countries.
While such an approach can be effective for solving certain development problems that have "a universal technical solution", it often ignores the political and organizational realities on the ground and produces little benefits to those using it.
In response to a major international assistance mission to improve the quality of the justice system, a jail and a courthouse were built, costing millions of dollars.
However, the new justice infrastructure has been rarely used since its establishment, because there has been a lack of bureaucracy and financial sources to support the expensive justice system.
However, rather than constraining aggregate spending, the fiscal rule merely shifted spending from the central and to provincial governments.
Capacity building can be used to reorganize and capacitate governments or individuals.
One of the most difficult problems with building capacity on a local level is the lack of higher education in developing countries.
Often, young people who develop skills and capacities that can allow for sustainable development leave their home country.
Whilst higher education is still an under-served demand, there are significant resources of experienced staff.
The organization believes that the sustainability of a project depends on the level of involvement of stakeholders and so they work to train stakeholders in the skills needed to be active in development projects and encourage the activity of other stakeholders.
The organization operates by providing week-long training courses in for local individuals in issues such as project management, report writing, communication, fund-raising, resource mobilization, analysis, and planning.
The organization does not create physical projects, rather it develops the capacity of stakeholders to initiate, plan and analyze and develop projects on their own.
They also focus on building leadership skills through training workshops for teachers, priests and other community leaders.
Leaders are then trained in other areas such as care and construction of hygienic water wells.
The first example depicts capacity building as tool to deliver individuals the skills they need to work effectively in civil society.
Failures in development can often be traced back to an organization's inability to deliver on the service promises it has pledged to keep.
For organizations, capacity building may relate to almost any aspect of its work: improved governance, leadership, mission and strategy, administration (including human resources, financial management, and legal matters), program development and implementation, fund-raising and income generation, diversity, partnerships and collaboration, evaluation, advocacy and policy change, marketing, positioning, planning.
It is an ongoing process that incites organizations to continually reflect on their work, organization, and leadership and ensure that they are fulfilling the mission and goals they originally set out to do.
Kaplan asserts that an organization must view itself not as a victim of the slights of the world, rather as an active player that has the ability to effect change and progress.
Another aspect of organizational capacity building is an organization's capacity to reassess, reexamine and change according to what is most needed and what will be the most effective.
It also involves how well an organization "learns from experience" and if the organization promotes the idea of learning from experience.
It looks at whether or not an organization encourages growth through learning from mistakes.
Output indicators measure immediate changes or results such as the number of people trained.
Outcome indicators measure the impact, such as laws changed due to trained advocates.
Organizational development, the elaboration of management structures, processes and procedures, not only within organizations but also the management of relationships between the different organizations and sectors (public, private and community).
Institutional and legal framework development, making legal and regulatory changes to enable organizations, institutions and agencies at all levels and in all sectors to enhance their capacities.
It tries to lay out the essential organizational and institutional prerequisites for economic and social progress.
Community capacity building is the elements that give fluidity, flexibility and functionality of a program/organization to adapt to changing needs of the population that is served.
Infrastructure development has been considered "economic capacity building" because it increases the capacity of any developed or developing society to improve trade, employment, economic development and quality of life.
It is also true that where institutional capacity is limited, infrastructure development is probably constrained.
When driving capacity building initiatives, opportunity management may help to target resources.
Likewise, criteria will be developed and applied to proposed capacity building initiatives evaluate the effectiveness of the alternatives, and select an option for the driving phase.
During the driving phase of the capacity building initiative, leads are assigned, accountability is established, action plans are developed, and project management may be used.
Once the driving stage has reached fruition, constant monitoring of the capacity building initiative is required to make a decision to advance, rework or kill the initiative.
Following opportunity management guidelines, it is often effective to end or rework an initiative before excessive resources are wasted on a strategy that has proven not to work.
In the centre of the badge are a sailor, a soldier, an airman and service woman marching with their arms linked, symbolising friendship and the unity of services and all ranks in comradeship.
The red of the badge symbolises the blood tie of war.
The white background stands for the purity of motive and the rendering of service without personal gain.
The blue is a symbol of willingness to render service to a comrade anywhere under the sky.
As well as arguing for veterans' benefits, it has entered other areas of political debate.
It has advocated for veterans entitlements, the protection of former battlefields and the rights of serving soldiers, sailors and airmen.
The venues were established to provide hospitality for war veterans and a place for war veterans to build on their comradeship.
The company also built thousands of streetcars and trolley buses for use in cities.
During the day, the upper berth was folded up somewhat like a modern airliner's overhead luggage compartment.
At night the upper berth folded down and the two facing seats below it folded over to provide a relatively comfortable bunk for the night.
Although this was somewhat spartan accommodation by today's standards, it was a great improvement on the previous layout.
Curtains provided privacy, and there were washrooms at each end of the car for men and women.
The government sought to separate the company's sleeping car operations from its manufacturing activities.
The first departments and shops constructed were ones such as painting, iron, and woodworking, which could be used in the continuing construction of the company town.
On the exterior, the buildings of the company town were made of red brick with limestone trim.
On the interior, the buildings had high ceilings and large windows.
The walls of the interior of the buildings were also purposefully painted in light colors to provide the semblance of a cheerful environment.
By the time construction was finished on the company town it was composed of a library, theater, hotel, church, market, sewage farm, park, and residential buildings.
The residences featured modern conveniences such as gas, water, indoor sewage plumbing and regular garbage removal.
The town agent was in charge of the company town.
The town agent oversaw departments including street and building maintenance, gas and water works, and fire protection.
The town agent also oversaw businesses including the hotel, sewage farm, as well as the nursery and greenhouse.
There were no elections in the company town besides elections for the school board.
While the article praised the company town for creating an elevated environment for its workers, the article criticized the all-encompassing influence of the company.
Wages were reduced and employees were laid off, but the costs of utilities remained unchanged.
After the strike, the company town was not the same.
The strike resulted in the loss of pride for the company town.
There are also extensive stands of aspen on the north slope.
Much of the peak was severely burned in recent times, which creates vast open views across the landscape.
After the larva has left the mine, it folds a leaf downwards over the midrib and consumes it up to the epidermis.
Israel disputes the position of the international community and the legal arguments that were used to declare the settlements illegal.
Settlements range in character from farming communities and frontier villages to urban suburbs and neighborhoods.
They were established as military outposts and later expanded and populated with civilian inhabitants.
Provisional names for future new settlements or settlement expansions were already assigned.
They built settlements on hilltops to act as observation posts for an early warning system.
There are also clusters of villages governed by a local elected committee and regional councils that are responsible for municipal services.
Outposts, small settlements, some authorized and some unauthorized, often on hilltops.
The commission also found that those who remained were under consistent pressure to leave to make room for further settlers who were being encouraged into the area.
The area consists of four cities, thirteen local councils and six regional councils.
Israel maintains that a temporary use of land and buildings for various purposes is permissible under a plea of military necessity and that the settlements fulfilled security needs.
The implication that the transfer of civilian population to occupied territories can be classified as a crime equal in gravity to attacks on civilian population centres or mass murder is preposterous and has no basis in international law.
Israel was opposed to a provision that included as a war crime the transfer of civilian populations into territory the government occupies.
Israel has signed the statute, but not ratified the treaty.
These "abandoned lands" are sometimes laundered through a series of fraudulent sales.
Farmers and producers are given state assistance, while companies that set up in the territories receive tax breaks and direct government subsidies.
Denmark has similar legislation requiring food products from settlements in the occupied territories to be accurately labelled.
The report covered physical violence and property damage such as uprooted olive trees, damaged tractors and slaughtered sheep.
Preliminary results from the autopsy suggested that he was beaten and burnt while still alive.
Haaretz blamed the violence during the olive harvest on a handful of extremists.
Fatal attacks on settlers have included firing of rockets and mortars and drive-by shootings, also targeting infants and children.
Now, in the last couple of months, they are targeting electricity.
Two villages in the area have had their electrical poles demolished.
The settlements were demolished, as it was feared that settlers might try to return to their homes after the evacuation.
Some have actually been dismantled, occasionally with use of force; this led to settler violence.
Israel approved further settlements in response to the vote, which brought further worldwide condemnation.
The rainforest-like microclimate supports a large variety of orchids and vines.
Despite clean-up efforts in the last few years, the river is still polluted.
It is home to an abundance of insects, water fowl, golden jackals, porcupines and mongoose.
According to this system, faith was understood to be irreducible to other experiences, beyond the scope of reason.
Faith, he said, came not from facts but from value judgments.
This is perhaps mainly due to the bold religious positivism with which he assumes that spiritual experience is real and that faith has not only a legitimate but even a paramount claim to provide the highest interpretation of the world.
He holds that such philosophy is too shallow for theology.
His limitation of theological knowledge to the bounds of human need might, if logically pressed, run perilously near phenomenalism; and his epistemology ("we only know things in their activities") does not cover this weakness.
In seeking ultimate reality in the circle of "active conscious sensation", he rules out all "metaphysic".
Religious judgments of value determine objects according to their bearing on our moral and spiritual welfare.
This sort of knowledge stands quite apart from that produced by "theoretic" and "disinterested" judgments.
The latter moves in a world of cause and effect.
The theory as formulated has such grave ambiguities, that his theology, which, as we have seen, is wholly based on uncompromising religious realism, has actually been charged with individualistic subjectivism.
The theory of value-judgments is part too of his ultra-practical tendency: both "metaphysic" and "mysticism" are ruthlessly condemned.
Faith-knowledge appears to be wrenched from its bearings and suspended in mid-ocean.
Perhaps if he had lived to see the progress of will-psychology he might have welcomed the hope of a more spiritual philosophy.
Natural theology has no value save where it leans on faith.
Sin is the contradiction of that purpose, and guilt is alienation from the family.
Redemption, justification, regeneration, adoption, forgiveness, reconciliation all mean the same thing-the restoration of the broken family relationship.
They are united on the value of faith knowledge as opposed to "metaphysic".
This statute controlled growth by establishing environmental review boards, where those affected by the planned development can challenge a proposed development plan.
Well many of those millions of dollars are sales and rooms and meals taxes.
State aid in both states is allocated according to population and other factors not directly related to tax revenues.
The court left it to the legislature to come up with a remedy.
This law provided for a statewide school property tax, per-pupil block grants, and sharing of tax revenue from property wealthy towns to property poor towns.
The mission is to provide mechanisms to allow calendaring and scheduling methodologies to interoperate, and to promote broad understanding of these methodologies so that calendaring and scheduling tools and applications can enter the mainstream of computing.
He was the first to culture human cells in a laboratory setting for therapeutic use.
He is one of the founding fathers of stem-cell research and regenerative medicine.
A drawing of lots determines which group the hosts are "drawn" to play friendlies against (meaning this group in effect only has three teams).
The group winners and two best overall runners-up qualified for the tournament.
When determining the best runners-up, the group of the host nation (where only matches between three teams were counted for the standings) was not considered, as well as any group where only three teams were left due to withdrawal of one team.
It is divided into the total campus and the experimental school campus.
Blomberg was the first major leaguer to play a game as a designated hitter.
Then he saw the crowd joining them to daven behind the food concession.
A large part of this "secret" literature was the apocalypses.
Such esoteric books are apocryphal, in the original conception of the term.
They marked other books off from those that claimed to be such without justification.
His work constitutes an enlarged targum on these books, and its object is to prove the everlasting validity of the law, which, though revealed in time, was superior to time.
This kingdom was to be gradually realized on earth, the transformation of physical nature going hand in hand with the ethical transformation of man.
Origen also was acquainted with some form of this legend.
Mason began her dance training at the age of three in ballet and flamenco, and went on to study jazz, acrobatics, hip-hop, modern, and contemporary dance.
Mason was consistently praised for her strong and versatile performances.
She has beautiful lines, is funky and charismatic, and has so much life onstage.
Not only does it show in her movement but also on her face.
Zach has two older half brothers who do not act.
Some of his crew complain that this is not pirate business, but they come around when they find out the large amount of profit to be made.
Gruda proposes a toast, presenting the pirates with a barrel of rum.
Nitroglycerin grenades, multiple cannon tanks, flamethrowers, rapid-fire rifles on revolving drums, and a large inflatable balloon with gondola are constructed in secret.
On the day of the wedding, the people unleash the advanced arsenal just before the ceremony, over-throwing the governor and his guards.
They spot their old ship below and slide down the balloon's tie-down ropes to its deck, and release the pirates.
The film shows a wide shot broadside view of their ship as they are approaching.
Her research focuses on gender, crime and victimization, in the context of urban communities, the commercial sex industry, sex tourism, and youth gangs.
She looks particularly at female involvement in gangs due to the lack of research there is in this line of study.
I have worked to reveal the humanity of the young women who took part in this study and have taken particular effort to situate them in a more complex way within their gangs.
First is community programs should engage in structured activities, jobs, and job training that can offer opportunities that serve as alternatives to the street.
Secondly, youth often lack stable relationships with adults that they could in turn to in times of need.
It is found that stable and trusted community agencies are an important avenue for providing young women with the support and resources they need when they are victimized.
The way to achieve this goal is through a promising look at education and prevention; by bringing such programming to schools and community agencies, it may help young women recognize the commonalities of their own experiences in relation to gender inequalities.
We examine the relationships between nachchi gender and sexual subjectivities, including how they compare and distinguish themselves from women and men.
Particularly in the context of transactional sexual exchanges, we investigate the intersections of economics, desire, stigma and exploitation in shaping nachchi experiences.
This resulted in both distortions and harms to marginalized youth in tourism communities, and a failure to address the economic realities of those involved in the informal tourism economy, including transactional sex with tourists.
The current study thus adds additional support to the concerns raised by scholars and activists about the scope, nature, and impact of efforts to ameliorate commercial sexual exploitation, including the harms that result from narrow foci on individual deviance and sexual slavery.
Specifically, the author examines the relationship between cultural definitions of gender/sexuality and the implementation of existing legal frameworks and its impact on the treatment and experiences of sex workers.
But the fault is the same, as is the loss.
Her research is an attempt to get other feminist researchers to contribute to this area of research to help level the lack of research for female gangs and members with their male counterparts.
The degree of effectiveness subscribes to two classifications: "panghilo" (paralyzing blow) and "pamatay" or lethal kick.
Obviously the first aimed at less vital parts of the physique, while the target of the second includes the heart, neck, head, groin, and spine, all highly vulnerable parts.
Violation of this injunction, especially in tournaments, is ground for disqualification.
The expansion has seen the growth and evolution of the kick-based style.
Its population is busy with gardening, vegetable-growing, beekeeping and animal husbandry.
There are secondary school, club, library and a medical center in the village.
Komaroff received a one-year prison sentence for robbing a military warehouse, and while serving his sentence his wife died from cholera.
Komaroff, still an alcoholic, often beat his wife and children.
Komaroff was known as a happily married man, but those close to the family knew that he was an extremely abusive, and had once tried to kill his eight-year-old son.
Robbery was noted as motive for the murders, although the collective amount he earned from all of his killings was very low.
While he was in prison, he attempted to commit suicide three times.
Young larvae create a very narrow mine running parallel to the midrib.
The mine then suddenly widens to almost the full width of the leaf.
The frass is deposited in the transition area between the mine types.
They are greenish black with a pale honey coloured head.
Usually, the champions of a division are promoted in the next year to the immediately upper level.
The clubs played against the other teams of its group twice.
The three best placed clubs of each group qualified to the second stage.
The two best placed clubs of each group qualified to the third stage.
The two best placed clubs of each group qualified to the final four group stage.
In the final four group stage, the four clubs played against each other twice, and the two best placed teams were promoted to the following year's first level.
The rhetorical presidency is both a structural theory and a theory of how presidents communicate in the media age.
A policy speech explains and defends the president's policy on a certain issue, while the visionary speech articulates a goal for the future and calls the nation towards that goal.
Her paintings incorporate a wide range of materials, including liquid smoke, flower essence, and dog urine, often installed theatrically in galleries and museums in a manner that suggests ritualized space.
Dodd sees painting as an organic entity, which extends to her choice of materials.
Works in the show contain, for example, squid ink, hematite, yerba mate, and other organic material.
The mountain contains areas of montane heath vegetation, rocky pavement and mallee ash shrublands.
The dog, which was not permitted to be in the national park, led rescuers (by its barking) to two men who were stranded on a steep cliff ledge when trying to rescue the dog.
It is an active circuit which converts an analog input signal to a digital output signal.
The circuit is named a "trigger" because the output retains its value until the input changes sufficiently to trigger a change.
In the non-inverting configuration, when the input is higher than a chosen threshold, the output is high.
When the input is below a different (lower) chosen threshold the output is low, and when the input is between the two levels the output retains its value.
Schmitt trigger devices are typically used in signal conditioning applications to remove noise from signals used in digital circuits, particularly mechanical contact bounce in switches.
They are also used in closed loop negative feedback configurations to implement relaxation oscillators, used in function generators and switching power supplies.
The positive feedback is introduced by adding a part of the output voltage to the input voltage.
There are three specific techniques for implementing this general idea.
The first two of them are dual versions (series and parallel) of the general positive feedback system.
In these configurations, the output voltage increases the effective difference input voltage of the comparator by 'decreasing the threshold' or by 'increasing the circuit input voltage'; the threshold and memory properties are incorporated in one element.
In the third technique, the threshold and memory properties are separated.
Dynamic threshold (series feedback): when the input voltage crosses the threshold in some direction the circuit itself changes its own threshold to the opposite direction.
For this purpose, it subtracts a part of its output voltage from the threshold (it is equal to adding voltage to the input voltage).
Thus the output affects the threshold and does not impact on the input voltage.
These circuits are implemented by a differential amplifier with 'series positive feedback' where the input is connected to the inverting input and the output - to the non-inverting input.
In this arrangement, attenuation and summation are separated: a voltage divider acts as an attenuator and the loop acts as a simple series voltage summer.
Modified input voltage (parallel feedback): when the input voltage crosses the threshold in some direction the circuit changes its input voltage in the same direction (now it adds a part of its output voltage directly to the input voltage).
Thus the output augments the input voltage and does not affect the threshold.
These circuits can be implemented by a single-ended non-inverting amplifier with 'parallel positive feedback' where the input and the output sources are connected through resistors to the input.
The two resistors form a weighted parallel summer incorporating both the attenuation and summation.
Two different unidirectional thresholds are assigned in this case to two separate open-loop comparators (without hysteresis) driving a bistable multivibrator (latch) or flip-flop).
The trigger is toggled high when the input voltage crosses down to up the high threshold and low when the input voltage crosses up to down the low threshold.
Again, there is a positive feedback but now it is concentrated only in the memory cell.
The input voltage is applied to the inverting input; the output voltage of the voltage divider is applied to the non-inverting input thus determining its threshold.
It is approximately equal to the high threshold and may not be low enough to be a logical zero for next digital circuits.
This may require additional shifting circuit following the trigger circuit.
The current begins steering from the right leg of the circuit to the left one.
In this configuration, the output voltage is equal to the dynamic threshold (the shared emitter voltage) and both the output levels stay away from the supply rails.
Another disadvantage is that the load changes the thresholds so, it has to be high enough.
Thus the output modifies the input voltage by means of parallel positive feedback and does not affect the threshold (the base-emitter voltage).
It was important when germanium transistors were used for implementing the circuit and this advantage has determined its popularity.
The input base resistor can be omitted since the emitter resistor limits the current when the input base-emitter junction is forward-biased.
An open-loop op-amp and comparator may be considered as an analog-digital device having analog inputs and a digital output that extracts the sign of the voltage difference between its two inputs.
The positive feedback is applied by adding a part of the output voltage to the input voltage in series or parallel manner.
Due to the extremely high op-amp gain, the loop gain is also high enough and provides the avalanche-like process.
It adds a part of the output voltage to the input voltage thus augmenting it during and after switching that occurs when the resulting voltage is near ground.
The output of the parallel voltage summer is single-ended (it produces voltage with respect to ground) so the circuit does not need an amplifier with a differential input.
Since conventional op-amps have a differential input, the inverting input is grounded to make the reference point zero volts.
The output voltage always has the same sign as the op-amp input voltage but it does not always have the same sign as the circuit input voltage (the signs of the two input voltages can differ).
When the circuit input voltage is above the high threshold or below the low threshold, the output voltage has the same sign as the circuit input voltage (the circuit is non-inverting).
It acts like a comparator that switches at a different point depending on whether the output of the comparator is high or low.
When the circuit input voltage is between the thresholds, the output voltage is undefined and it depends on the last state (the circuit behaves as an elementary latch).
The input voltage must rise above the top of the band, and then below the bottom of the band, for the output to switch on (plus) and then back off (minus).
The transfer characteristic is shown in the picture on the left.
A unique property of circuits with parallel positive feedback is the impact on the input source.
In circuits with negative parallel feedback (e.g., an inverting amplifier), the virtual ground at the inverting input separates the input source from the op-amp output.
The op-amp output passes an opposite current through the input source (it injects current into the source when the input voltage is positive and it draws current from the source when it is negative).
The transfer characteristic has exactly the same shape of the previous basic configuration, and the threshold values are the same as well.
The input loop acts as a simple series voltage summer that adds a part of the output voltage in series to the circuit input voltage.
The effective voltage applied to the op-amp input is floating so the op-amp must have a differential input.
The circuit is named inverting since the output voltage always has an opposite sign to the input voltage when it is out of the hysteresis cycle (when the input voltage is above the high threshold or below the low threshold).
However, if the input voltage is within the hysteresis cycle (between the high and low thresholds), the circuit can be inverting as well as non-inverting.
The output voltage is undefined and it depends on the last state so the circuit behaves like an elementary latch.
To compare the two versions, the circuit operation will be considered at the same conditions as above.
The input voltage must rise above the top of the band, and then below the bottom of the band, for the output to switch off (minus) and then back on (plus).
In contrast with the parallel version, this circuit does not impact on the input source since the source is separated from the voltage divider output by the high op-amp input differential impedance.
These voltages are fixed as the output voltage and resistor values are fixed.
Desired values of reference voltages can be obtained by varying bias voltage.
When the signal reaches a given level it switches from its low to high state.
When undertaking this application, it is necessary that the hysteresis voltage is taken into account so that the circuit switches on the required voltage.
With only one input threshold, a noisy input signal  near that threshold could cause the output to switch rapidly back and forth from noise alone.
For example, an amplified infrared photodiode may generate an electric signal that switches frequently between its absolute lowest value and its absolute highest value.
This signal is then low-pass filtered to form a smooth signal that rises and falls corresponding to the relative amount of time the switching signal is on and off.
Schmitt triggers are common in many switching circuits for similar reasons (e.g., for switch debouncing).
A tree was cut and turned into the center beam to hold the floor joists on the first floor.
However, he was not recalled after the fourth match for the rest of the qualification process.
The season follows the story of a group of surgeons as they go through their residency, while they also deal with the personal challenges and relationships with their mentors.
Season five had thirteen series regulars with twelve of them returning from the previous season.
Izzie's cancer storyline received a mixed response from the medical community.
Brawley explained that such patients would instead be offered radiosurgery.
Williams at times played as the nickel corner on nickel and sub packages.
The community live in multi caste and multi religious settlements, but occupy their own distinct quarters.
Each settlement has a caste council, known as a panchayat, which acts as an instrument of social control, and is headed by a chaudhary.
The chaudhary is elected by the community elders, for a fixed term, and the panchayat deals with intra community disputes, as well as punishing those who breach communal norms.
In addition, an exhibition book was published of the collection.
This is an excellent place to observe both modern and ancient aspects of history.
Its plan consists of a west tower, a wide nave with galleries, a south porch, and a chancel with a vestry to its north.
Guayos consist of a cilindrical metal sheet with a cheese grater surface which is scraped with a metal rod or bone.
She then lived on her looks and became the mother of a large family.
Reduced to dire poverty, she subsisted on the minimum amount of food necessary to support a human being, and the astonishment created locally by her long fasts doubtless encouraged her to undertake the imposture which made her notorious.
Six months later the interest taken in her in the neighbourhood was sufficient to warrant her in taking permanently to her bed.
Details were multiplied in the pamphlets which narrated her case.
For the next four years she continued to attract crowds of visitors many making a substantial offering.
She says that her father told her that not many believed that she ate nothing but that she did eat very little.
She claimed that she did not pass urine or any other matter.
The younger woman had soaked towels in milk and broth and wrung them into her mother's mouth while washing her face.
She had also conveyed food from her mouth to her mother's while kissing her.
The application provided computer-telephony functionality including voicemail, call recording, and the maintenance of a call history.
Additional functionality included dialing with automatic determination of long distance and calling card codes.
This initial version did not allow the telephone to be answered as the hardware device provided could not take the line off-hook.
This version shipped with a revised hardware device (the same one shipping today) designed to allow the computer to answer the telephone.
The new device also supported automatic gain control, providing the ability to make high-quality audio recordings of both sides of telephone calls.
Automated attendant functions allowed a caller to specify the person, department or extension they wish to be transferred to.
The application accomplished this on a single line by paging the person or department through the computer's speakers, playing hold music to the caller in the meantime.
If the call went unanswered the caller was directed to a voice mailbox or to make further selections.
Judicial economy is the principle that the limited resources of the legal system or a given court should be conserved by the refusal to decide one or more claims raised in a case.
For example, the plaintiff may claim that the defendant's actions violated three distinct laws.
Having found for the plaintiff for a violation of the first law, the court then has the discretion to exercise judicial economy and refuse to make a decision on the remaining two claims, on the grounds that the finding of one violation should be sufficient to satisfy the plaintiff.
Rather than trying each case individually, which would unduly burden the judicial system, the cases can be consolidated into a class action.
Fairhurst's huge buildings are "steel-framed and built to high-quality fireproof specifications".
On these specific locomotives, the knuckle coupler has been modified to allow remote releasing from inside the cab, whilst in motion.
The locomotive was written off and scrapped as a result of major damage sustained in the accident.
Having passed a signal at danger the train was derailed at trap points, subsequently falling down an embankment into trees and injuring the two crew members.
The construction of the bridge is divided into two parts.
Kush suffered a torn hamstring during training camp and was ruled out for the season.
As such, its operating hours vary depending on the time of year.
Various cutoff filters are commonly used to selectively filter out lower wavelengths, especially potentially damaging ultra violet light.
The resulting light has a spectral range that targets specific structures and chromophores (e.g.
Cooling is used to protect the skin in contact with the device.
A distinction is sometimes made between beauty-grade and medical-grade machines, mainly to get around regulations.
Use quickly spread to a variety of medical and cosmetic settings.
Treatment is generally safe and effective, but complications can occur such as hyperpigmentation.
The polychromatic light can reach multiple chromophores in human skin: mainly hemoglobin, water, and melanin.
This results in selective photothermolysis of the target, which can be blood vessels, pigmented cells, or hair follicles.
Laser hair removal is different and uses coherent, monochromatic laser light.
This light travels through the skin until it strikes the hair shafts or the bulb (root).
The bulb is usually where the highest concentration of melanin is located.
As the light is absorbed, the bulb and most of the hair shaft are heated, destroying the hair-producing papilla.
It is also claimed that heat conversion occurs directly in the darker capillaries that bring blood to the follicle.
No common treatment protocol exists and it depends on the equipment used and patient skin type.
The area to be treated should be clean shaven and free of sunburn.
Treatments are often given in doctors' offices and so-called "medspas" by trained practitioners.
Contrary to what is often claimed, photoepilation is not a permanent hair removal method but a permanent hair reduction method.
Certain skin conditions, health irregularities, and medications can impact whether it is safe for a person to receive a light based hair removal treatment.
Photo-sensitizing medications, or damage to the skin are contraindications to treatment.
The number of hairs regrowing must be stable over time greater than the duration of the complete growth cycle of hair follicles, which varies from four to twelve months by body location.
No treatment to date has shown the ability to permanently eliminate all hair growth, however many patients experience satisfaction with a significant and permanent reduction.
The review found no statistical difference in effectiveness, but a higher incidence of side effects with diode laser treatment.
It is at least as effective as pulsed dye lasers and can penetrate deeper with reduced risk of purpura and hyperpigmentation.
Several characteristics of the bone identify it as a diving petrel: the flattened shaft, the proximal origin of the dorsal condyle, the short and blunt supracondylaris process, the shallow fossa m. brachialis, and the elongated epicondylaris venralis.
Within the brachial fossa, the impression of its musculus brachialis anticus is deeper, and extends dorsally to the base of the dorsal supracondylar process.
In the context of rail transport, head house usually refers to the portion of a large passenger terminal that contains the ticket counters, waiting rooms, toilets and baggage facilities.
It might also include the passenger concourses and walkways between the platforms and other facilities.
Larger terminals had amenities that were contained within their own distinct building, which was separate to the railroad.
The head house may contain escalators, elevators and ticket agents.
They were built, and are still used in certain locations, where a simple staircase or kiosk was not desirable.
The drum tapers towards the ends and on the right side, the opening is covered with the skin of a monkey while the opening on the other side is covered with a cattle skin.
The strings that are used tighten the sides are from a deer skin.
This is a cylindrical drum, fairly long and is played on both sides with hands.
The openings on the two sides of the drum are covered with the stomach lining of a cow.
The strings used to tighten the sides are from cattle skin.
A student has twelve elementary exercises to learn to play this drum.
An important feature of this drum is that one side is played with the hand while the other side is played with a stick.
The sides are covered with cattle skin and the tightening is done with a string made specially for the purpose.
These are also twelve elementary exercises to be followed by a person learning to use the drum.
The two drums are of different sizes and while the right one produces a louder sound, the left one produces a looser (and deeper) sound.
The drums which have only the top side covered either with the skin of the cow or a buffalo.
Udakkiya is made by carving either the suriya or ahala timber into two apertures.
These apertures are then bound tightly with the leather of the monkey or the iguana and both the sides are connected with tightly stretched twine.
The pitch of the sound can be changed by applying pressure on the twine with a bound cloth.
The drum is hung on the shoulder of the player and the sound is controlled by applying pressure on the strings.
The single opening is covered with the skin of goat, monkey or iguana.
The drum is hung on the shoulder of the player and it is played with both hands.
During harvesting, people could be seen playing this drum accompanied by singing.
Some performers keep revolving the rabana on the tip of their fingers while others play it accompanied with singing.
The special feature of this drum is that it is played at a time by two or more people.
A wire service report made no mention of his animation career, instead stating he was a rancher.
They have a black head with a white border that runs from behind the eye, around the black ear-coverts and chin, and joins at the throat.
They have blackish-grey upperparts and whitish underparts, with a black breast-band that extends down the flanks to the thigh.
They have spines on their tongue which they use to hold their prey.
Humboldt penguins nest on islands and rocky coasts, burrowing holes in guano and sometimes using scrapes or caves.
Penguins are also declining in numbers due to habitat destruction including by invasive species.
After the egg hatched, the two penguins raised, protected, cared for, and fed the chick in the same manner that heterosexual penguin couples raise their own offspring.
It is thought that he was exhibiting courtship behavior to the standee.
Burling specializes in language, human evolution and comprehension in communication.
The park is densely crisscrossed with six main watercourses, among which are scattered various ponds, lakes and swamps.
Some of the vegetation includes: persimmon, willow, camphor, bamboo, mulberry, plum, peach, elm, nelumbo, maple, poplar and hibiscus.
She met considerable resistance due to the prevailing belief that such matters should not be discussed by respectable people, especially women.
Refusal to accept medical treatment may have contributed to her early death of untreated breast cancer.
In her view, compulsory medical examinations and other regulations imposed on prostitutes penalized the women, but ignored their male clients.
Many respectable people thought that it was not proper for them to discuss prostitution publicly.
The audience had been told of the subject in advance, and listened quietly other than a few male hecklers at the front.
She told them that the morality police were a source of difficulty for a young fallen woman who wanted to return to an honest life.
At this, the police commissioner and his agents went up to her and demanded that she stop her speech, since it was immoral.
Her trial was due to her effrontery in simply speaking openly about prostitution.
The trial turned into an inquiry into the vice squad, while the two defendants were acquitted.
It emerged that children of thirteen or fourteen years of age could be registered as prostitutes and allowed to practice this trade as long as they followed police regulations, the only trade a minor could follow without the permission of their parents.
Some of the worst excesses of the system were curtailed.
Despite interference from the police the organization grew to twelve branches.
This was a front organization for unauthorized workers associations as well as a regional platform.
It was banned after a year as a political organization.
She supported creation of the first associations of working women and housewives.
The paper reported the meetings of working women's associations, gave statistics on working conditions and wages, and gave news and commentary on the wage struggles.
He also looked down on women, writing that as soon as they began to disagree with each other they would tell tales about party activities, and might go as far as denouncing their comrades to the police.
Engels greeted the campaign for women's suffrage with scorn, writing of, "these presumptuous little women who make so much noise for the rights of women", saying their cause was a diversion behind which class rule would continue to thrive.
About twelve months earlier she had fallen over a tin box in her bedroom and injured her breast.
She had consulted a former doctor whose name had been removed from the register, but in whom she had great faith.
He had urged her to see a specialist, but she had refused, saying as a theosophist she saw death as just a transition from one state to another, and would not have any interference with her body.
A doctor was called in a few hours before her death, but her condition was too far advanced for him to be able to offer any treatment.
The cause of death was recorded as cancer of the breast, accelerated by want of proper surgical dressing and food.
It told of a working girl who was seduced and later became a prostitute.
It is traditionally performed by men, though there are some female performers in the modern era.
The name derives from the monosyllabic vocables (non-lexical vocalizations), tra-la-la.
Lomax later claimed he was blown away, and called it the most significant work in his long and storied career.
Trallalero groups consist of tenor, baritone and bass parts, accompanied by a contralto and a singer whose voice imitates a guitar (chitarra).
As the names of parts suggest, the imitation of instrumental styles replaces traditional vocal polyphony: this is a distinguishing feature of this genre.
Nine singers are considered a normal line-up: one each of chitarra, tenor, contralto, baritone and five basses.
He started to collect expensive friends with expensive tastes "booze, broads, gambling" and the more he tried these things the more he wanted.
Eventually his father threw him out and told him to never come back.
Gemini can also release two clones of itself with one being white (the reason personality which can fire energy blasts) and one being black (the emotion personality which can release jolts of electricity by touch).
Gemini later gained the ability to expand its form where it grows in size and gains super-strength.
Gemini is depicted as a two-headed alien (one male head, one female head) with four arms.
Four branded products have been the object of legal, ethical, and health concerns related to the company allegedly marketing them to underage drinkers and the danger of combining alcohol and caffeine.
They would later describe themselves as "our own target market".
After a year, the company was running low on investment and decided to drop the wormwood, focusing instead on improving the flavor and increasing the alcohol content.
Original formulations of both beverages were a malt liquor based, caffeinated alcoholic energy drink with added guarana and taurine.
The attorneys general were also concerned that these drinks could pose health risks by masking feelings of intoxication.
The ban required businesses to cease the sale of alcoholic energy drinks and pull existing items off the shelf, immediately.
Utah, which has a state-run alcoholic beverage distribution system, never allowed alcoholic energy drinks to go on sale there.
This buying rush quickly created a black market for the drink, with many sellers charging nearly five times the drink's retail price.
He later described a high school physics course as an inspiration for his plans for a science career, though he continued to consider following the family tradition by becoming a medical missionary.
He has also worked on the problem of chitin synthesis and its role in yeast.
Therefore, we can see that the spin of the particle only affects its motion in the presence of a magnetic field.
They get beaten, are pushed below earth and suffer indignity.
Bheema has to fight a giant snake that has bound him and made immovable.
He espouses black theology and speaks about reaching inner-city black youth.
During his tenure, the church also undertook a major renovation of their historic building.
He also played in domestic competition, and regional competition if applicable.
Place and duration related to personal experience are important to her practice.
Leirner is best known for the sculptures and installations she creates from mundane objects and ephemera, including devalued bank notes, used envelopes, promotional tickets, empty cigarette packets and plastic shopping bags.
Leirner organizes and presents her material in unusually complex ways, highlighting the banality of each object, enabling a refocus of its form, colour and beauty.
It is a collection of various sized envelopes connected by polyurethane cord and plexiglass.
She said that the sculptures were made during four drug binges with three to five grams of cocaine.
Pisco originally prospered because of its nearby vineyards and became noted for its grape brandy or pisco which used to be exported from its port.
His experience in this regard gives him in-depth knowledge of all the streams of the petroleum industry in the country.
The festival concentrates on world premieres of theater-related contemporary music, with a particular focus on commissioning first operas from young composers.
Short runs of the premiered operas are preceded by talks and additional concerts from the featured composers, to introduce the audiences to their ideas and music.
The strongly international scope of the festival has meant that it has been able to offer opportunities missing at a national level.
The kits are created in the country where they are to be distributed.
This helps reduce transportation and material costs as well as providing an economic benefit to the targeted area.
The expenses connected to the volunteers who distribute the bedkits are paid by each volunteer.
There is no promotional budget as advertising is only by word of mouth.
A university system is a set of multiple, affiliated universities and colleges that are usually geographically distributed.
Typically, all member universities in a university system share a common component among all of their various names.
Usually, all member universities of a university system are governed by a system-wide governing body, such as a board of trustees or a board of regents.
A university system should not be confused with a multiple-campus university.
A multiple-campus university is a single university that has more than one campus.
University marketing departments may emphasize or deemphasize the independence of member institutions.
Used as a point of comparison, it may refer to the universities within a province or within a country.
The commission defines university system as an organized academic entity composed of separate but interrelated units, at least one of which has university level status.
A single governing board is responsible for the formulation of system-wide policies and programs.
A university system has its own system administration headed by a chief executive officer.
Its function is to coordinate and integrate system-wide functions and activities.
Each constituent unit has its own chief executive officer to whom broad powers is delegated by the governing board for the organization and operation of the constituent unit.
Terrorism meaning politically motivated criminal activity as well as other forms of criminal activity which terrorise innocent persons.
Lindsey was of "weak intellect", and posed something of a family problem.
However, mistrust remained, and some suspected him of wanting to seize the throne himself.
All of them were born out of wedlock, but legitimized upon their parents' eventual marriage.
He took charge of the siege operations and at one point engaging in hand-to-hand fighting in the undermining tunnels.
The two alabaster effigies were notable for having their right hands joined.
There is, however, evidence that he may occasionally have used this second marshalling at earlier dates.
In fluid dynamics, pipe network analysis is the analysis of the fluid flow through a hydraulics network, containing several or many interconnected branches.
The aim is to determine the flow rates and pressure drops in the individual sections of the network.
A major part of this network will consist of interconnected pipes.
This network creates a special class of problems in hydraulic design, with solution methods typically referred to as pipe network analysis.
Water utilities generally make use of specialized software to automatically solve these problems.
However, many such problems can also be addressed with simpler methods, like a spreadsheet equipped with a solver, or a modern graphing calculator.
Generally the head losses (potential differences) at each node are neglected, and a solution is sought for the steady-state flows on the network, taking into account the pipe specifications (lengths and diameters), pipe friction properties and known flow rates or head losses.
This is equivalent mathematically to the statement that on any closed loop in the network, the head loss around the loop must vanish.
In this formulation, first you go through and create guess values for the flows in the network.
After the initial guess is made, then, a loop is considered so that we can evaluate our second condition.
In other words, we add the head losses around the loop in the direction of the loop; depending on whether the flow is with or against the loop, some pipes will have head losses and some will have head gains (negative losses).
The clockwise specifier (c) means only the flows that are moving clockwise in our loop, while the counter-clockwise specifier (cc) is only the flows that are moving counter-clockwise.
This adjustment doesn't solve the problem, since most networks have several loops.
However, we should use the results from the first loop before we progress to other loops.
Many of these variables will not be known, or will involve considerable uncertainty in their specification.
Furthermore, in many pipe networks, there may be considerable variability in the flows, which can be described by fluctuations about mean flow rates in each pipe.
The above deterministic methods are unable to account for these uncertainties, whether due to lack of knowledge or flow variability.
In this method, a continuous relative entropy function is defined over the unknown parameters.
This can be used to calculate mean values (expectations) of the flow rates, head losses or any other variables of interest in the pipe network.
This analysis has been extended using a reduced-parameter entropic formulation, which ensures consistency of the analysis regardless of the graphical representation of the network.
It is a specialized form of extrusion that uses a spinneret to form multiple continuous filaments.
There are many types of spinning: wet, dry, dry jet-wet, melt, gel, and electrospinning.
If the polymer is a thermoplastic then it can be simply melted, otherwise it is dissolved in a solvent or chemically treated to form soluble or thermoplastic derivatives.
The molten polymer is then forced through the spinneret, then it cools to a rubbery state, and then a solidified state.
If a polymer solution is used, then the solvent is removed after being forced through the spinneret.
This process is used for polymers that need to be dissolved in a solvent to be spun.
The spinneret is submerged in a chemical bath that causes the fiber to precipitate, and then solidify, as it emerges.
Acrylic, rayon, aramid, modacrylic, and spandex are produced via this process.
A variant of wet spinning is dry jet-wet spinning, where the solution is extruded into air and drawn, and then submerged into a liquid bath.
It differs in that the solidification is achieved through evaporation of the solvent.
This is usually achieved by a stream of air or inert gas.
Because there is no precipitating liquid involved, the fiber does not need to be dried, and the solvent is more easily recovered.
Acetate, triacetate, acrylic, modacrylic, polybenzimidazole fiber, spandex, and vinyon are produced via this process.
The polymer solidifies by cooling after being extruded from the spinneret.
Nylon, olefin, polyester, saran, and sulfar are produced via this process.
The pellets are compressed, heated and melted by an extrusion screw, then fed to a spinning pump and into the spinneret.
The polymer melt is produced from the raw materials, and then from the polymer finisher directly pumped to the spinning mill.
The polymer is in a "gel" state, only partially liquid, which keeps the polymer chains somewhat bound together.
These bonds produce strong inter-chain forces in the fiber, which increase its tensile strength.
The polymer chains within the fibers also have a large degree of orientation, which increases strength.
The fibers are first air dried, then cooled further in a liquid bath.
Some high strength polyethylene and aramid fibers are produced via this process.
Electrospinning shares characteristics of both electrospraying and conventional solution dry spinning of fibers.
The process does not require the use of coagulation chemistry or high temperatures to produce solid threads from solution.
This makes the process particularly suited to the production of fibers using large and complex molecules.
Melt electrospinning is also practiced; this method ensures that no solvent can be carried over into the final product.
This may be done while the polymer is still solidifying or after it has completely cooled.
The ground colour of the forewings is brownish cream with brownish suffusions and some rust scales in the postbasal area.
The hindwings are cream with more grey strigulation (fine streaks).
The series deals with themes of worker's rights, safety in millwork, child labour laws and the political movement to improve these conditions.
Lack of funding and the absence of a royal charter held back development, and only a few small settlements were established.
It is only after he had thoughtfully considered what to say that he answered back his critics in the most accommodating manner possible.
His diplomatic ways earned him a reputation as a peace maker.
Applying his persuasive approach, it did not take long before the problem fizzled out.
Nyamweya made informed interventions and legal briefs, which assisted immensely in the development of comprehensive legal instruments.
This work was even more challenging because each industry had unique requirements, which demanded submission of a separate draft.
Nyamweya's enormous contribution in form of comparative analysis and research, owing to his distinguished legal background, led to the development of watertight instruments difficult to abuse.
The minister attained this level of perfection by applying a participative approach in form of extensive consultations among tripartite partners.
The country enjoyed plenty of benefits from the organisation simply by respecting rules of the game.
Despite his high academic and professional standing, nature blessed him with a rare modesty to blend well with all and sundry no matter their status in society.
His actions were clear testimony to his expressed firm believe that in any competitive situation there shall be winners and losers and, therefore, once the best man or woman has won an election life must continue.
However, that morning he arrived looking different, driving a ramshackle of a car accompanied by his daughter.
By the time of his death, he had actualised and blended his spiritual, political, and philosophical self.
Most of his research has to do with labor studies, urban-regional economics, and wage studies.
He has published numerous academic papers on regional unemployment, wage and income inequality, gender and racial wage differentials and human resource management practices.
The permission for construction on this government land has been taken in name of providing the affordable accommodation to war widows and the land had been reserved for this purpose.
However, many politicians, top military officials, other bureaucrats and their relatives have taken the ownership of the flats.
The reason for the rejection was that it was not a "natural" site.
Almost the whole area of the part is covered by woods.
There are also some recreation facilities as well as camping places elsewhere in the park.
They are grey to brown in color, with largely transparent wings, and can release an offensive odor similar to stinkbugs.
They have no larval stage, instead going through several nymph stages with the nymphs resembling adults but having no wings.
In high numbers false chinch bugs can cause significant plant damage.
Rice is a staple in the diet of residents near the coast and millet a staple in the interior.
Much of the rice is imported and food insecurity is a problem in large part due to coups, corruption and inflation.
Fish, shellfish, fruits and vegetables are commonly eaten along with cereal grains, milk, curd and whey.
Common ingredients include yams, sweet potato, cassava, onion, tomato and plantain.
Family ceremonies to mark birth, circumcision, marriage, and death are celebrated with palm wine or rum.
The term is usually associated with art in which the traditions of the past have been thrown aside in a spirit of experimentation.
Modern artists experimented with new ways of seeing and with fresh ideas about the nature of materials and functions of art.
A tendency away from the narrative, which was characteristic for the traditional arts, toward abstraction is characteristic of much modern art.
More recent artistic production is often called contemporary art or postmodern art.
The notion of modern art is closely related to modernism.
The advocates of realism stood against the idealism of the tradition-bound academic art that enjoyed public and official favor.
The most successful painters of the day worked either through commissions or through large public exhibitions of their own work.
There were official, government-sponsored painters' unions, while governments regularly held public exhibitions of new fine and decorative arts.
The style was adopted by artists in different nations, in preference to a "national" style.
These factors established the view that it was a "movement".
He is best known for his theoretical work regarding the existence, characteristics and relevance of universals of human nature.
This is done through letter writing and meeting with politicians, among other means.
Paid staff is kept to a minimum in the organization, in order to run the organization as efficiently as possible; all positions outside the national office are volunteer.
The members are primarily engineering students, although a number of non-engineering students are active members and have volunteered overseas.
Its location varies from year to year depending on the chapter hosting it.
These events are organized entirely by their volunteer base, engaging close to a thousand runners each year from coast-to-coast.
The focus is on access to technology largely through local capacity-building rather than on technologies themselves.
Long-term overseas volunteers go on placements lasting one to three years.
Knowledge and experience in international development, leadership skills and open-mindedness are considered much more important than just technical skills.
The goal of these placements is not to alleviate poverty alone, but also to build capacity among the local non-governmental organization partners and community at large.
Over the years decking was added at the base of the house.
One of the end walls was totally stove in, and the stairs to the second floor were destroyed.
A modern steel tower was placed on the remains of the pier, and it remains in operation to the present.
The albums were released only one month after the release of two full-albums dedicated solely to one singer each's work for the anime respectively.
It also has a video game of the same name.
His decision was unable to quell further unrest within the party, with several provincial and district party associations declaring their support for opposing candidates.
The renovation also included the addition of new restrooms and seating areas.
Completion of the renovation process occurred later that same year.
Effective as of the day ten days after the official publication.).
Effective as of the day which is ten days after the day of the official publication.).
Attention is the behavioral and cognitive process of selectively concentrating on a discrete aspect of information, whether deemed subjective or objective, while ignoring other perceivable information.
It is the taking possession by the mind in clear and vivid form of one out of what seem several simultaneous objects or trains of thought.
Attention has also been referred to as the allocation of limited processing resources.
Attention remains a major area of investigation within education, psychology, neuroscience, cognitive neuroscience, and neuropsychology.
Areas of active investigation involve determining the source of the sensory cues and signals that generate attention, the effects of these sensory cues and signals on the tuning properties of sensory neurons, and the relationship between attention and other behavioral and cognitive processes like working memory and vigilance.
A relatively new body of research, which expands upon earlier research within neuropsychology, is investigating the diagnostic symptoms associated with traumatic brain injuries and their effects on attention.
The relationships between attention and consciousness are complex enough that they have warranted perennial philosophical exploration.
Such exploration is both ancient and continually relevant, as it can have effects in fields ranging from mental health and the study of disorders of consciousness to artificial intelligence and its domains of research and development.
Because of the highly expensive equipment that was generally only available in hospitals, psychologists sought for cooperation with neurologists.
Their results soon sparked interest from the entire neuroscience community in these psychological studies, which had until then focused on monkey brains.
With the development of these technological innovations neuroscientists became interested in this type of research that combines sophisticated experimental paradigms from cognitive psychology with these new brain imaging techniques.
The results of these experiments have shown a broad agreement with the psychological, psychophysiological and the experiments performed on monkeys.
These models may be considered loosely as metaphors which are used to describe internal processes and to generate hypotheses that are falsifiable.
Generally speaking, visual attention is thought to operate as a two-stage process.
In the first stage, attention is distributed uniformly over the external visual scene and processing of information is performed in parallel.
In the second stage, attention is concentrated to a specific area of the visual scene (i.e., it is focused), and processing is performed in a serial fashion.
The first of these models to appear in the literature is the spotlight model.
The focus is an area that extracts information from the visual scene with a high-resolution, the geometric center of which being where visual attention is directed.
Surrounding the focus is the fringe of attention, which extracts information in a much more crude fashion (i.e., low-resolution).
This fringe extends out to a specified area, and the cut-off is called the margin.
This model inherits all properties of the spotlight model (i.e., the focus, the fringe, and the margin), but it has the added property of changing in size.
This size-change mechanism was inspired by the zoom lens one might find on a camera, and any change in size can be described by a trade-off in the efficiency of processing.
The zoom-lens of attention can be described in terms of an inverse trade-off between the size of focus and the efficiency of processing: because attentional resources are assumed to be fixed, then it follows that the larger the focus is, the slower processing will be of that region of the visual scene, since this fixed resource will be distributed over a larger area.
At this phase, descriptions of the objects in a visual scene are generated into structural units; the outcome of this parallel phase is a multiple-spatial-scale structured representation.
The contrast of the two theories placed a new emphasis on the separation of visual attention tasks alone and those mediated by supplementary cognitive processes.
Attention is identified as one of the three major co-active processes of the working brain.
Attention must be divided among all of the component tasks to perform them.
In divided attention, individuals attend or give attention to multiple sources of information at once at the same time or perform more than one task.
Older research involved looking at the limits of people performing simultaneous tasks like reading stories, while listening and writing something else, or listening to two separate messages through different ears (i.e., dichotic listening).
Generally, classical research into attention investigated the ability of people to learn new information when there were multiple tasks to be performed, or to probe the limits of our perception (c.f.
There is also older literature on people's performance on multiple tasks performed simultaneously, such as driving a car while tuning a radio or driving while telephoning.
The vast majority of current research on human multitasking is based on performance of doing two tasks simultaneously, usually that involves driving while performing another task, such as texting, eating, or even speaking to passengers in the vehicle, or with a friend over a cellphone.
This research reveals that the human attentional system has limits for what it can process: driving performance is worse while engaged in other tasks; drivers make more mistakes, brake harder and later, get into more accidents, veer into other lanes, and/or are less aware of their surroundings when engaged in the previously discussed tasks.
There has been little difference found between speaking on a hands-free cell phone or a hand-held cell phone, which suggests that it is the strain of attentional system that causes problems, rather than what the driver is doing with his or her hands.
While speaking with a passenger is as cognitively demanding as speaking with a friend over the phone, passengers are able to change the conversation based upon the needs of the driver.
For example, if traffic intensifies, a passenger may stop talking to allow the driver to navigate the increasingly difficult roadway; a conversation partner over a phone would not be aware of the change in environment.
This model seems to be too oversimplified, however, due to the different modalities (e.g., visual, auditory, verbal) that are perceived.
When the two simultaneous tasks use the same modality, such as listening to a radio station and writing a paper, it is much more difficult to concentrate on both because the tasks are likely to interfere with each other.
However, more recent research using well controlled dual-task paradigms points at the importance of tasks.
Specifically, in spatial visual-auditory  as well as in spatial visual-tactile tasks  interference of the two tasks is observed.
In contrast, when one of the tasks involves object detection, no interference is observed.
Thus, the multi-modal advantage in attentional resources is task dependent.
As an alternative, resource theory has been proposed as a more accurate metaphor for explaining divided attention on complex tasks.
Resource theory states that as each complex task is automatized, performing that task requires less of the individual's limited-capacity attentional resources.
Other variables play a part in our ability to pay attention to and concentrate on many tasks at once.
These include, but are not limited to, anxiety, arousal, task difficulty, and skills.
Simultaneous attention is present in the ways in which children of indigenous backgrounds interact both with their surroundings and with other individuals.
Simultaneous attention requires focus on multiple simultaneous activities or occurrences.
This differs from multitasking, which is characterized by alternating attention and focus between multiple activities, or halting one activity before switching to the next.
Simultaneous attention involves uninterrupted attention to several activities occurring at the same time.
Another cultural practice that may relate to simultaneous attention strategies is coordination within a group.
This points to a strong cultural difference in attention management.
Overt orienting is the act of selectively attending to an item or location over others by moving the eyes to point in that direction.
Overt orienting can be directly observed in the form of eye movements.
Although overt eye movements are quite common, there is a distinction that can be made between two types of eye movements; reflexive and controlled.
Reflexive movements are commanded by the superior colliculus of the midbrain.
These movements are fast and are activated by the sudden appearance of stimuli.
In contrast, controlled eye movements are commanded by areas in the frontal lobe.
Covert orienting is the act to mentally shifting one's focus without moving one's eyes.
Simply, it is changes in attention that are not attributable to overt eye movements.
Researchers often use "filtering" tasks to study the role of covert attention of selecting information.
These tasks often require participants to observe a number of stimuli, but attend to only one.
The current view is that visual covert attention is a mechanism for quickly scanning the field of view for interesting locations.
This shift in covert attention is linked to eye movement circuitry that sets up a slower saccade to that location.
There are studies that suggest the mechanisms of overt and covert orienting may not be as separate as previously believed.
This is due to the fact that central mechanisms that may control covert orienting, such as the parietal lobe also receive input from subcortical centres involved in overt orienting.
General theories of attention actively assume bottom-up (covert) processes and top-down (overt) processes converge on a common neural architecture.
For example, if individuals attend to the right hand corner field of view, movement of the eyes in that direction may have to be actively suppressed.
However, comparing these two processes is challenging because external signals do not operate completely exogenously, but will only summon attention and eye movements if they are important to the subject.
Exogenous orienting is considered to be reflexive and automatic and is caused by a sudden change in the periphery.
Since exogenous cues are typically presented in the periphery, they are referred to as peripheral cues.
Exogenous orienting can even be observed when individuals are aware that the cue will not relay reliable, accurate information about where a target is going to occur.
This means that the mere presence of an exogenous cue will affect the response to other stimuli that are subsequently presented in the cue's previous location.
Several studies have investigated the influence of valid and invalid cues.
They concluded that valid peripheral cues benefit performance, for instance when the peripheral cues are brief flashes at the relevant location before to the onset of a visual stimulus.
The phenomenon of valid cues producing longer reaction times than invalid cues is called inhibition of return.
Simply stated, endogenous orienting occurs when attention is oriented according to an observer's goals or desires, allowing the focus of attention to be manipulated by the demands of a task.
In order to have an effect, endogenous cues must be processed by the observer and acted upon purposefully.
This is because they are typically presented at the center of a display, where an observer's eyes are likely to be fixated.
Central cues, such as an arrow or digit presented at fixation, tell observers to attend to a specific location.
There exist both overlaps and differences in the areas of the brain that are responsible for endogenous and exogenous orientating.
Another approach to this discussion has been covered under the topic heading of "bottom-up" versus "top-down" orientations to attention.
Researchers of this school have described two different aspects of how the mind focuses attention to items present in the environment.
The first aspect is called bottom-up processing, also known as stimulus-driven attention or exogenous attention.
These describe attentional processing which is driven by the properties of the objects themselves.
Some processes, such as motion or a sudden loud noise, can attract our attention in a pre-conscious, or non-volitional way.
We attend to them whether we want to or not.
These aspects of attention are thought to involve parietal and temporal cortices, as well as the brainstem.
The second aspect is called top-down processing, also known as goal-driven, endogenous attention, attentional control or executive attention.
This aspect of our attentional orienting is under the control of the person who is attending.
It is mediated primarily by the frontal cortex and basal ganglia as one of the executive functions.
Research has shown that it is related to other aspects of the executive functions, such as working memory, and conflict resolution and inhibition.
Studies show that if there are many stimuli present (especially if they are task-related), it is much easier to ignore the non-task related stimuli, but if there are few stimuli the mind will perceive the irrelevant stimuli as well as the relevant.
The cognitive refers to the actual processing of the stimuli.
Studies regarding this showed that the ability to process stimuli decreased with age, meaning that younger people were able to perceive more stimuli and fully process them, but were likely to process both relevant and irrelevant information, while older people could process fewer stimuli, but usually processed only relevant information.
This relies on the reflexive response due to "overlearning" the skill of morse code reception/detection/transcription so that it is an autonomous function requiring no specific attention to perform.
Attention is a very basic function that often is a precursor to all other neurological/cognitive functions.
As is frequently the case, clinical models of attention differ from investigation models.
This hierarchic model is based in the recovering of attention processes of brain damage patients after coma.
Five different kinds of activities of growing difficulty are described in the model; connecting with the activities those patients could do as their recovering process advanced.
This model has been shown to be very useful in evaluating attention in very different pathologies, correlates strongly with daily difficulties and is especially helpful in designing stimulation programs such as attention process training, a rehabilitation program for neurological patients of the same authors.
Mindfulness practices are clinical interventions that emphasize training attention functions.
If a neuron has a certain response to a stimulus when the animal is not attending to the stimulus, then when the animal does attend to the stimulus, the neuron's response will be enhanced even if the physical characteristics of the stimulus remain the same.
Competitive selection is the process that determines which information gains access to working memory.
Through top-down sensitivity control, higher cognitive processes can regulate signal intensity in information channels that compete for access to working memory, and thus give them an advantage in the process of competitive selection.
Through top-down sensitivity control, the momentary content of working memory can influence the selection of new information, and thus mediate voluntary control of attention in a recurrent loop (endogenous attention).
Bottom-up saliency filters automatically enhance the response to infrequent stimuli, or stimuli of instinctive or learned biological relevance (exogenous attention).
Neurally, at different hierarchical levels spatial maps can enhance or inhibit activity in sensory areas, and induce orienting behaviors like eye movement.
Stimulation at levels too low to induce a saccade will nonetheless enhance cortical responses to stimuli located in the relevant area.
At the next lower level, a variety of spatial maps are found in the parietal cortex.
Certain automatic responses that influence attention, like orienting to a highly salient stimulus, are mediated subcortically by the superior colliculi.
At the neural network level, it is thought that processes like lateral inhibition mediate the process of competitive selection.
He divides attention into three functional components: alerting, orienting, and executive attention that can also interact and influence each other.
Alerting is the process involved in becoming and staying attentive toward the surroundings.
It appears to exist in the frontal and parietal lobes of the right hemisphere, and is modulated by norepinephrine.
Orienting is the directing of attention to a specific stimulus.
Executive attention is used when there is a conflict between multiple attention cues.
He tied his speculation to ethnographic observations of communities in which children are involved in a complex social community with multiple relationships.
Keen attention is both a requirement and result of learning by observing and pitching-in.
Incorporating the children in the community gives them the opportunity to keenly observe and contribute to activities that were not directed towards them.
One example is simultaneous attention which involves uninterrupted attention to several activities occurring at the same time.
Another cultural practice that may relate to simultaneous attention strategies is coordination within a group.
This learning by observing and pitching-in model requires active levels of attention management.
The child is present while caretakers engage in daily activities and responsibilities such as: weaving, farming, and other skills necessary for survival.
Being present allows the child to focus their attention on the actions being performed by their parents, elders, and/or older siblings.
In order to learn in this way, keen attention and focus is required.
Eventually the child is expected to be able to perform these skills themselves.
Generally speaking, there are two kinds of models to mimic the bottom-up saliency mechanism.
It has also been hypothesized that some visual inputs are intrinsically salient in certain background contexts and that these are actually task-independent.
This model has established itself as the exemplar for saliency detection and consistently used for comparison in the literature; the other way is based on the frequency domain analysis.
This damage often leads to a tendency to ignore the left side of one's body or even the left side of an object that can be seen.
Damage to the left side of the brain (the left hemisphere) rarely yields significant neglect of the right side of the body or object in the person's local environments.
The effects of spatial neglect, however, may vary and differ depending on what area of the brain was damaged.
Damage to different neural substrates can result in different types of neglect.
Attention disorders (lateralized and nonlaterized) may also contribute to the symptoms and effects.
Much research has asserted that damage to gray matter within the brain results in spatial neglect.
New technology has yielded more information, such that there is a large, distributed network of frontal, parietal, temporal, and subcortical brain areas that have been tied to neglect.
This network can be related to other research as well; the dorsal attention network is tied to spatial orienting.
The effect of damage to this network may result in patients neglecting their left side when distracted about their right side or an object on their right side.
Previous studies on social attention often regard how attention is directed toward socially relevant stimuli such as faces and gaze directions of other individuals.
In contrast to attending-to-others, a different line of researches has shown that self-related information such as own face and name automatically captures attention and is preferentially processed comparing to other-related information.
Attending-to-self and attending-to-others mark the two ends of an otherwise continuum spectrum of social attention.
For a given behavioral context, the mechanisms underlying these two polarities might interact and compete with each other in order to determine a saliency map of social attention that guides our behaviors.
Thus in order to keep these ideas organized, attention is necessary.
It is therefore necessary to look for means to keep our perceptions from being confused and imperfect.
And, because, as everyone knows, there is nothing that makes them clearer and more distinct than attentiveness, we must try to find the means to become more attentive than we are".
Apperception is required for a perceived event to become a conscious event.
Leibniz emphasized a reflexive involuntary view of attention known as exogenous orienting.
However, there is also endogenous orienting which is voluntary and directed attention.
Herbart was also the first person to stress the importance of applying mathematical modeling to the study of psychology.
Hamilton proposed a view of attention that likened its capacity to holding marbles.
You can only hold a certain amount of marbles at a time before it starts to spill over.
His view states that we can attend to more than one stimulus at once.
During this period of attention, various philosophers made significant contributions to the field.
They began the research on the extent of attention and how attention is directed.
It also involved psychophysical methods that allowed measurement of the relation between physical stimulus properties and the psychological perceptions of them.
Wundt measured mental processing speed by likening it to differences in stargazing measurements.
Astronomers in this time would measure the time it took for stars to travel.
Among these measurements when astronomers recorded the times, there were personal differences in calculation.
These different readings resulted in different reports from each astronomer.
Wundt realized that the time it takes to see the stimulus of the star and write down the time was being called an "observation error" but actually was the time it takes to switch voluntarily one's attention from one stimulus to another.
It was his belief that psychological processes can only be understood in terms of goals and consequences.
Donders and his students conducted the first detailed investigations of the speed of mental processes.
Donders measured the time required to identify a stimulus and to select a motor response.
This was the time difference between stimulus discrimination and response initiation.
Donders also formalized the subtractive method which states that the time for a particular process can be estimated by adding that process to a task and taking the difference in reaction time between the two tasks.
He also differentiated between three types of reactions: simple reaction, choice reaction, and go/no-go reaction.
Sensorial attention is when attention is directed to objects of sense, stimuli that are physically present.
Intellectual attention is attention directed to ideal or represented objects; stimuli that are not physically present.
James also distinguished between immediate or derived attention: attention to the present versus to something not physically present.
Attention works to make us perceive, conceive, distinguish, remember, and shorten reactions time.
The same stimulus may evoke any one of a large number of responses depending upon the contextual setting in which it is placed".
This research found that the time to complete a list was longer for mixed lists than for pure lists.
For example, if a list was names of animals versus a list with names of animals, books, makes and models of cars, and types of fruits, it takes longer to process.
The stimulation of neurons is followed by a refractory phase during which neurons are less sensitive to stimulation.
Stroop's task showed that irrelevant stimulus information can have a major impact on performance.
In this task, subjects were to look at a list of colors.
This list of colors had each color typed in a color different from the actual text.
The cognitive revolution admitted unobservable cognitive processes like attention as legitimate objects of scientific study.
This problem is at times called "focused attention", as opposed to "divided attention".
In a typical experiment, subjects would use a set of headphones to listen to two streams of words in different ears and selectively attend to one stream.
After the task, the experimenter would question the subjects about the content of the unattended stream.
This implies that the meaning of unattended messages is not identified.
Also, a significant amount of time is required to shift the filter from one channel to another.
In this model, no signal is filtered out, but all are processed to the point of activating their stored representations in memory.
The point at which attention becomes "selective" is when one of the memory representations is selected for further processing.
At any time, only one can be selected, resulting in the attentional bottleneck.
This debate became known as the early-selection vs. late-selection models.
These experiments showed for the first time that there was a direct neural correlate of a mental process (namely, enhanced firing in the superior colliculus).
Failla had a reputation as being one of the most discrete mobsters.
Failla's cautious habits allowed him to avoid criminal prosecution for many years.
Failla directed a large crew that was involved in loansharking, illegal gambling, and extortion.
Failla avoided incarceration for many years which is explained by his unique manner of conducting himself and his business.
Companies were prohibited from switching trash-hauling companies or using non-union drivers.
The reason cited for the acquittal was his lack of conversation on those tapings.
His was one of the last groups in the country to come out of the desert.
His paintings mostly stick to black, white and ochre in colour.
The most obvious motif seen in them is the circles and lines, which depict dreaming tracks.
Therefore, he is greatly surprised when she is called as a witness for the prosecution.
It was also her final film; she retired from acting after its completion.
The play was adjusted to build up the character of the defence barrister.
The effort to keep the ending a secret extended to the cast.
The film identifies corporate greed, income inequality, diminished job security, excessive consumerism and nearly total indebtedness as contributing factors to the sense of injustice that fuels murderous rage of some individuals.
Notably, the issue of gun control is completely absent from the film.
All three engines were available with either five- speed automatic or five speed manual transmissions.
The record incorporates neo soul styles with elements of older soul music; its lyrics discuss themes of romance and sex.
Wright proposed a promotion based on an application or releasing a new song every month.
Timberlake, however, was not interested in going back into music and instead continued to focus on his film career.
The two immediately began marketing plans for how the album should be promoted and when it should be released.
Uh, let's have him come up and do a number.
The songs have average lengths of seven minutes and are characterized by vamps, abrupt key changes, and unexpected rhythms and harmonies.
The album's music incorporates samples of piano, distorted voices, and buzzing electronic sounds with elements of older soul music, including resonant voiceovers, lush string and horn arrangements, high-pitched guitar solos, and squelching analog synthesizers.
The album's lyrics mostly deal with the theme of romance.
Commercially, it was a success and managed to reach top ten positions in fifteen countries.
Matate was reported to be averse to the involvement of another member of the team's staff, and coupled with getting married, he chose to step down as head coach for the tournament.
Enderle then made his one crucial mistake on the first possession of the second half.
An active load or dynamic load is a component or a circuit that functions as a current-stable nonlinear resistor.
Most commonly the active load is the output part of a current mirror and is represented in an idealized manner as a current source.
Second, the mirror requires a small voltage drop to maintain operation (to keep the output transistors of the mirror in active mode).
As a result, the current mirror does limit the allowable output voltage swing, but this limitation is much less than for a resistor, and also does not depend upon the choice of bias current, leaving more flexibility than a resistor in designing the circuit.
One approach to test loads uses a set of resistors of different values, and manual intervention.
In contrast, an active load presents to the source a resistance value varied by electronic control, either by an analogue adjusting device such as a multi-turn potentiometer or, in automated test setups, by a digital computer.
The load resistance can often be varied rapidly in order to test the power supply's transient response.
Just like a resistor, an active load converts the power supply's electrical energy to heat.
The heat-dissipating devices (usually transistors) in an active load therefore have to be designed to withstand the resulting temperature rise, and are usually cooled by means of heatsinks.
For added convenience, active loads often include circuitry to measure the current and voltage delivered to the inputs, and may display these measurements on numeric readouts.
It was thought that the unit had no previous insignia, but the designers were incorrect.
Squadron personnel being reassigned to other units and aircraft being transferred to other duties.
While the lack of artifacts prevents the culture of the builders from being known with certainty, the lack of disturbance has caused it to be ranked among the most well-preserved mounds in the region.
Species in this family are saprobic, and have a wide distribution, especially in temperate regions.
Takhar has coal reserves of fairly good quality which are being exploited by hand in some villages and sold in the region.
Also the city is a main source of construction materials like: loam, sand, and different types of stones.
Takhar province is known for its salt mountains and you can find large deposits of fine salt in the region.
While the mines offer economic opportunities in the region, the availability of iodized salt considerably reduces the prevalence of health problems related to iodine deficiency.
With profession he is electrical engineer, but most of his professional engagement he spent in politics.
It sees it as "maricas", distant of its reality, while it considers it one "machona without education".
The film tells a backstage story of the cast and crew of a popular fictional television soap opera.
A decision is made by the network, and the actors head into a live episode still not knowing who will be written off the show.
They will read their lines from a teleprompter so that the secret will be kept until the last minute.
Some of these were court or departmental archives (established for several centuries) which were well-run and had good or adequate catalogues; others were little more than store-rooms.
Many of the professional staff of these individual archives simply continued their existing work in the new institution.
Fees were payable by lawyers who in return were permitted to consult a limited number of documents.
Williams held various minor public offices over the years, such as justice of the peace and register of chancery.
This page describes terms and jargon related to climbing and mountaineering.
Alpine style generally means carrying all gear in a backpack even for multi day climbs.
This creates a triangular shape in the webbing or cord, which places massively multiplied inward forces on the protection, making it a dangerous, ineffective anchor.
Although this is generally a walk or, at most, a scramble it is occasionally as hazardous as the climb itself.
This combines muscular effort with soft tissue tensions in order to apply the load.
When used often, this position has been known to over-stress the tendons in fingers and lead to injuries.
The rope is clipped into a quickdraw such that the leader's end runs underneath the quickdraw as opposed to over top of it.
If the leader falls, the rope may fold directly over the gate causing it to open and release the rope from the carabiner.
Before belay devices were invented, the rope was simply passed around the belayer's hips to create friction.
This is the loop you use your belay device on.
You should not tie anything around the belay loop such as a daisy chain or sling.
One foot is placed on a foothold and the other foot is placed behind the foothold in a toe hook position.
The climber can now squeeze the hold between the feet.
Big wall style generally refers to hauling the needed gear (food, water, sleeping bags) in a haulbag.
Instead of carrying the gear on their person, the climbers put it in the haul bag and raise it in between pitches.
A camp, or the act of camping, overnight while still on a climbing route off the ground.
May involve nothing more than lying down or sitting on a rock ledge without any sleeping gear.
When there is no rock ledge available, such as on a sheer vertical wall, a portaledge that hangs from anchors on the wall can be used.
Typically this is close to the ground, so protection takes the form of crash pads and spotting instead of belay ropes.
This is often done over short distances advancing from an inferior hold to a superior one.
A hand is placed on one side of the crack and the shoulder on the other.
To climb such a structure, the climber often uses his head, back and feet to apply opposite pressure on the vertical walls.
A route that is free of loose vegetation and rocks.
To complete a climb without falling or resting on the rope.
Excellent for navigation as when standing on one it's always down in two, opposite, directions and up in the two directions in between those.
It is designed to hold a climber's bodyweight, rather than arrest a fall, and while the sling as a whole will have a strength rating comparable to that of a standard sling, but the individual side loops (pockets) will typically have much lower ratings.
This is because a load between the two strength ratings could cause the pocket stitching to break, allowing the attachment device, typically a carabiner, to slide to the end of the sling before being halted by the greater strength of the webbing material itself.
One common type of such an anchor is the snow fluke.
Any object that is buried in order to make an anchor, or what you become if that anchor fails.
Dynamic motions in which both feet leave the rock are typically called dynos.
To hit the ground, usually the outcome of a fall.
It is commonly carried on mountain climbing expeditions to help climbers deal with altitude sickness.
Double ropes are often used by trad and alpine climbers.
They help managing the rope drag, reduce the chances for accidental cutting of the rope by sharp rock edges, and allows full pitch rappeling.
Unlike twin ropes, double ropes can be clipped separately into different pieces.
Also tend to be damaged less severely by heavy loads.
As opposed to static technique where three-point suspension and slow, controlled movement is the rule.
When both feet leave the rock, it is called a dyno.
When one or both feet maintain contact with the rock, it is called a deadpoint.
One knee ends up in a lower position with the body twisted towards the other leg.
It can give a longer reach as the body and shoulders twist towards a hold.
Hypothermia resulting from prolonged exposure to cold, wind and rain.
The progression is often aided by artificial steps or ladders.
A method of untangling a rope in which the rope is run through the climber's hands and allowed to fall into a pile on the ground.
Useful when preparing a rope for coiling, or before starting a lead climb, to ensure the rope is fed cleanly and without twists.
A climber will usually just repair these with sticky tape or super glue.
For ascents on the first attempt without receiving beta see on-sight.
It involves jamming the foot into a larger crack by twisting the foot into place, the contact with the crack being on the heel and toes.
Often incorrectly used by non-climbers as a synonym for soloing.
The grip maintains friction against a hold by pressing outward toward the elbow.
Many experienced climbers advocate the use of an atc type device for beginners.
This is typically for training but many people consider this a worthwhile activity in its own right.
That sloper required some hamstering to get to the next move.
This expands the hand and can make a highly secure placement.
This technique is notable since in most forms of climbing one uses the toes to push.
Also known as a heel-toe cam, involves using opposing pressure from the toes and heel between two holds to hold the body on the wall.
It is an eccentric hexagonal nut attached to a wire loop.
The nut is inserted into a crack and it holds through counter-pressure.
Falling becomes more dangerous due to the increase in height.
A climbing technique involving hooking a heel or toe against a hold in order to balance or to provide additional support.
Huecos vary in size from accommodating a single finger (this is also called a "mono") to large enough to fit one's entire body.
Kneebars can be very secure and are one of few ways to get a no-hand rest on overhanging rock.
In traditional climbing, the climber also needs to place anchors and quickdraws.
In sport climbing, the anchors are typically preplaced, and the quickdraws may either be preplaced or placed by the climber.
A fall from above the climber's last piece of protection.
The falling leader will fall at least twice the distance back to his or her last piece, plus slack and rope stretch.
It is used on very hard routes and competitions, where the act of rechalking requires too much energy or time.
It involves pushing down on a ledge or feature instead of pulling oneself up.
In ice climbing, manteling is done by moving the hands from the shaft to the top of the ice tool and pushing down on the head of the tool.
Climbing ropes use kernmantle construction consisting of a kern (or core) for strength and an external sheath called the mantle.
Most often these involve falling rock or ice, or avalanches.
For ascents on the first attempt with receiving beta see flash.
A swing during a fall when the last piece of protection is far to one side.
Allows for building anchors, cleaning routes and rappeling to be done efficiently and faster.
It is designed to be used in connection with a down jacket for lightweight bivvies.
However, in guide books and route descriptions, a pitch is the portion of a climb between two belay points.
A piton is typically used in aid-climbing and an appropriate size and shape is hammered into a thin crack in the rock and preferably removed by the last team member.
This is most noticeable at the crux, and more common on certain rock types.
It has a loop attaching screw top to the body of the tube and a webbing so it can be clipped below the haul bag.
An established route or bouldering problem that an individual is repeatedly attempting to ascend over a period of time, but has not been successfully been sent by that climber.
The other rope is normally not connected to any belayer below and is only there to practice the clipping.
A climber who is pumped will find it difficult to hold on, and may struggle to lift or clip a rope.
This can only be done when the first piece of gear is already placed.
The person who can get the rope up there for the rest of the party.
Team of mountaineers or climbers joined together by a safety rope.
May also be used as an adjective to describe a route, or a section of a route.
Also used as a verb when referring to the act of describing a climbing route as easier than it actually is.
A nylon webbing structure consisting of one large loop sewn in multiple places to make a shorter length.
The stitch-points are intentionally sewn with less than maximum possible strength.
The screamer is attached with carabiners between an anchor point, particularly one of dubious strength, and the climber.
In the event of a fall the stitching of the sewn sections is designed to rip apart, absorbing some of the fall energy and decelerating the climber, thereby reducing the overall shock load on the dubious anchor.
Can be used for feet in a route regardless of its colour.
Also referred to as a foot chip, chip or micro.
Being on the sharp end refers to the act of lead climbing, which is considered more psychologically demanding than top-roping or following, since it may involve more route-finding, as well as the possibility of longer, more consequential falls.
The climber then switches over to self-belaying and continues to climb.
When the second reaches the belay, he or she anchors in and starts to belay the leader in the traditional way again.
When the leader reaches the next belay the process is repeated.
This is common in climbing gyms in order to fit an extra move into the climb.
Also referred to as "climbing the rainbow," since any and all colors of holds are used.
They are most often used for placements, often extremely marginal, in aid climbing, although they also feature in some extreme free routes.
Additionally, the skyhook can be attached to the harness, thus allowing the climber to rest, or held in one or both hands to hold a grip.
The emphasis is on balance, footwork, and making use of very small features or rough spots on the rock for friction.
The fluke is buried into snow, typically used as a deadman anchor.
Generalized to refer to any great climb, happy situation, or even favorable weather.
Sport climbing routes tend to be well protected with pre-placed bolt-anchors and lends itself well to competitive climbing.
The spotter stands beneath the climber, ready to absorb the energy of a fall and direct him away from any hazards.
Also, excessive, overly prominent, or boorish proclamation of one's own (often exaggerated) skills or exploits.
In general this entails movement of a limb to a new hold without the simultaneous transfer of weight.
It allows the climber to clip a quickdraw to the first bolt on a sport climb while still standing on the ground.
This is especially useful if the first bolt is high up, and out of the comfort zone of the climber.
A stick clip can be bought, easily made or even improvised when needed.
A knot used to prevent the rope running through a piece of equipment.
The sweeper's task is to spot and retrieve things that may have accidentally fallen from the preceding climbers; to make sure that no mess or gear is left behind; and to make sure that the rear is keeping up with the whole team.
The area, if older and consolidated, may be stable, or the rocks may be precariously balanced.
Talus is distinguished from scree in that it is larger and may feature solid interlocking of the rocks, while scree is by definition loose.
Difficulty ratings of climbs often is a combination of technicality of a climb and the endurance or strength necessary to complete it.
In this grip the fingers are close to the position when the hand is open.
The load applied is coming from tension in the forearm muscles.
The toe hook is often used on overhanging rock where it helps to keep the body from swinging away from the wall.
Top-roping requires easy access to the top of the climb, by means of a footpath or scrambling.
While sport climbers generally will use pre-placed protection ("bolts"), traditional (or "trad") climbers will place their own protection as they climb, generally carried with them on a rack.
A quickdraw is clipped between the climber's harness and the rope that is threaded through the gear.
As the climber is lowered by the belayer, the quickdraw holds the cleaner close to the wall and following the line of the route.
Without the quickdraw, the climber would lower straight down, further and further from the remaining gear to be cleaned.
A section of a route that requires progress in a horizontal direction.
A pendulum traverse involves swinging across a wall or chasm while suspended from a rope affixed above the climber.
Twin ropes are often used by trad and alpine climbers.
They allow full pitch rappelling and help reducing the chances for accidental cutting of the rope by sharp rock edges.
Hard to climb on as there is insufficient depth for crampons to have reliable penetration.
Any time the rope takes the weight of the climber.
This can happen during a minor fall, a whipper (long fall), or simply by resting while hanging on the belay rope (see also hangdogging).
Has come to denote any fall beyond the last placed or clipped piece of protection.
Often specifically a hybrid between a climbing wall and a fingerboard.
Specifically called such because of the wooden panels (usually left unpainted) used to attach the climbing holds to.
These climbs often present risk of serious injury or death if a fall were to occur, even if the climb is properly protected.
This may be done to bypass a crux, or to quickly regain ground lost after a fall without re-climbing the section.
In some cases when the rope comes taut during a fall, the protection can fail from the bottom up, especially if the first piece was not placed to account for outward and/or upward force.
A particular configuration of rope, anchors, and pulleys typically used to extricate a climber after falling into a crevasse.
Utley spent the rest of her life in and out of mental institutions.
All issues, past and current, are available at no cost.
It has a railway station, a police station, and a government hospital.
The robot is intended to navigate the ship and climb ladders, as well as fight fires and respond to other emergencies as well as visual commands from humans.
The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
It features a strut-braced high-wing, a single-seat, enclosed cockpit, conventional landing gear and a single engine in pusher configuration.
The landing gear has bungee suspension and optional main wheel fairings.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
They were met by a crowd of nearly a quarter of a million people, and rode through the city in an open-topped car.
It was the first ever visit to the island by a reigning monarch.
Although this system was regarded by many reviewers as easier to use than conventional rotary knob controllers, the need to place the touchscreen within easy reach limited design possibilities for the interior (by forcing placement of the screen in the center dash and in close proximity to the steering wheel).
The enhanced technology trend in the automotive industry also resulted in a plethora of ever-increasing buttons and switches on many luxury vehicles.
In response, several luxury brands had switched to rotary knob control devices, with the aim to simplify cabin layout and consolidate multiple controls with a single device.
Prototype development and consumer testing was conducted to develop a new control device.
The system allows the operator to freely move the on-screen cursor across any part of the screen.
The cursor replaces the role of the driver's hand on the previous touchscreen interface.
The use of force feedback enables the cursor to 'snap-to' buttons, making it easier to select buttons without precise movement.
With the replacement of the touchscreen, the navigation screen is now recessed and placed closer to eye level on the dashboard.
Multiple functions can also be accessed via voice commands and for basic or commonly used items, such as stereo and climate control, via dedicated buttons.
Contents included interviews with the author, rough drafts, and more behind the scenes.
When this option is used, the text is the same before and after encryption, which can be practical for testing/debugging, or authentication-only communication.
In mathematics such a function is known as the identity function.
It no longer has a military function today and the airfield is now operated by a flying club.
A pay and display machine is a type of ticket machine used for regulating parking in urban areas or in car parks.
It relies on a customer purchasing a ticket from a machine and displaying the ticket on the dashboard, windscreen or passenger window of the vehicle.
Details included on a printed ticket are generally the location and operator of the machine, expiry time, fee paid and time entered.
In addition, this system theoretically prevents drivers from taking advantage of parking meters that have time remaining; this factor alone has doubled parking revenues in cities that have switched to pay and display.
In addition, pay and display machines can also accept a wider variety of coins, and many even accept credit cards, making it unnecessary for drivers to carry large amounts of change.
The use of credit cards has another advantage - the machines do not have to be emptied of coins as often, and the costs of counting coin and possible pilfering by employees who empty the parking meters also reduces their overall costs.
To use a parking coupon, the motorist has to completely tear off tabs of the date and time, or scratch off panels on the date and time in which he/she leaves the vehicle.
This process is similar to disc parking, except that a parking disc is reusable whereas a coupon can only be used once.
The coupon is displayed on the dashboard or hung from the top of a door window facing the roadside.
Multiple coupons are used if the parking time exceeds the allowance given for a single coupon, though this is not always permitted.
But the owners were also concerned about what they thought would be a large imbalance in the strength of the divisions.
There was the addition of two further teams in the playoffs in each league.
Had a team from another division won the wild card, a one-game playoff would have decided the division champion.
During his tenure, several infrastructure programs were built that consisted the completion of hydroelectric stations, dams and reservoirs, as well as prioritizing the space program but reducing the nuclear deterrence.
Chundiragar took over the post but in mere two months he too tendered resignation after losing confidence in running the government.
This opened up avenues for new job opportunities and thus the economic graph of the country started rising.
He oversaw the development and completion of mega projects such as hydroelectric dams, power stations, and barrages in all over the country.
Extensive education reforms were supposedly carried out and 'scientific development efforts' also supposedly made during his years.
He also introduced a new curricula and textbooks for universities and schools after building many public-sector universities and schools were built during his era.
Major funding was made available for military acquisitions and procurement towards conventional weaponry for conventional defence.
Shipbuilders annually produced three to four vessels, many for the coasting trade, exporting cordwood, lumber and fish.
The old building was used as the new elementary school, before being demolished a few years later and replaced by the current town office and fire station.
There is a body of films featuring solar eclipses and lunar eclipses.
Compared to other astronomical events featured in films, such as full moons and asteroid strikes, solar eclipses are less commonly seen.
When they have featured in films, they often drive the plot and have a portentous presence.
Four years later she won re-election by the highest margin of votes recorded in city history.
During her council tenure, she focused much of her attention on providing access to constituents and on redevelopment and transportation issues to address the city's need for jobs and a more diversified economic base.
Napolitano's questions were critical of the airlines' plans to impose self-regulation in response to recent customer service controversies.
A key priority is legislation to provide mental health parity in health insurance.
These programs support research and development, helping expand the reach of local academic institutions and enhancing the local economy.
The task force meets as needed to examine key issues and work on strategies that will foster more manufacturing jobs and create a positive climate for manufacturing retention and growth.
They have five grown children, fourteen grandchildren, and seven great grandchildren.
The development drove strong job and population growth, and low unemployment.
The region is abundant in fossil fuels including natural gas, crude oil and lignite coal.
As such, summers are almost subtropical in nature, but winters are cold enough to ensure plant hardiness is very low.
Many of the treaties defined the territory of a specific tribe (see the map).
With the advantage of grants of land, they vigorously marketed their properties, extolling the region as ideal for agriculture.
The rivalry between the two new states presented a dilemma of which was to be admitted first.
Anti-corporate laws virtually prohibited a corporation or bank from owning title to land zoned as farmland.
These laws, still in force today, after having been upheld by state and federal courts, make it almost impossible to foreclose on farmland, as even after foreclosure, the property title cannot be held by a bank or mortgage company.
It was replaced by a limestone-faced art deco skyscraper that still stands today.
This boom came to an end after petroleum prices declined.
In recent years the state has had a strong economy, with unemployment lower than the national average and strong job and population growth.
But a period of higher rainfall ended, and many migrants weren't successful in the arid conditions.
Young adults with university degrees were particularly likely to leave the state.
With the advancing process of mechanization of agricultural practices, and environmental conditions requiring larger landholdings for successful agriculture, subsistence farming proved to be too risky for families.
Expansion of economic development programs has been urged to create skilled and high-tech jobs, but the effectiveness of such programs has been open to debate.
It is traditional for male dancers to wear regalia decorated with beads, quills and eagle feathers; male grass dancers wear colorful fringe regalia; and male fancy dancers wear brightly colored feathers.
Female dancers dance much more subtly than the male dancers.
Fancy female dancers wear cloth, beaded moccasins and jewelry, while the jingle dress dancer wears a dress made of metal cones.
Inter-tribal dances during the pow wow, allow everyone (even spectators) can take part in the dancing.
This group has unique foods such as lefse and lutefisk.
Ice fishing, skiing, and snowmobiling are also popular during the winter months.
The state also levies an oil extraction (excise) tax on produced oil.
The reduction in the unemployment rate and growth in per capita income is attributable to the oil boom in the state.
That is below the current unemployment rate of the majority of states.
Agriculturalists are concerned about too much monoculture, as it makes the economy at risk from insect or crop diseases affecting a major crop.
In addition, this development has adversely affected habitats of wildlife and birds, and the balance of the ecosystem.
Corn yields are high in the southeast part of the state and smaller in other parts of the state.
Most of the cereal grains are grown for livestock feed.
Canola is suited to the cold winters and it matures fast.
Processing of canola for oil production produces canola meal as a by-product.
Soybeans are a major crop in the eastern part of the state, and cultivation is common in the southeast part of the state.
The state is also the largest producer of honey, dry edible peas and beans, lentils, and the third-largest producer of potatoes.
The governor has a cabinet consisting of appointed leaders of various state government agencies, called commissioners.
The other elected constitutional offices are secretary of state, attorney general, state auditor, and state treasurer.
Municipal courts serve the cities, and most cases start in the district courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction.
The ground squirrel constantly flicks its tail in a distinctive manner.
Other weekly and monthly publications (most of which are fully supported by advertising) are also available.
Here, the writer tells a cyberpunk story about the modern cyber world with endless references to mythology.
When the press catches wind that the meeting is held at the foreign minister's manor, the talks are hastily moved.
However, a country-wide writers' strike put the plans on hold.
The company's president said that the company had been targeted by government officials.
He later announced that the company would close down permanently.
Pegasus specializes in sourcing, buying, and building middle-market companies that compete on the basis of sustainability and resource efficiency.
Cogut wanted to concentrate on transactions that could generate returns through revenue growth and operating improvements rather than largely relying on financial leverage.
Pegasus raises the capital from a variety of limited partners that include major public and corporate pension funds, leading endowments, fund of funds and family offices.
The firm tends to invest in the consumer products, technology, business services, energy, financial services, industrial manufacturing and communications sectors.
A megamix is a medley remix containing multiple songs in rapid succession.
There may be only one verse or even just a brief chorus of each song used, sometimes in addition to samples of the same or other songs.
To unify the songs together smoothly, a single backing beat may be added as background throughout the megamix, although this is not a must.
This backing beat is kept basic so as to simplify mixing and to not compete with the music.
These mixes are usually several minutes long at minimum, going up to a half-hour or an hour, or even more sometimes.
Ultimix is known for "flashback medleys" producing at least one or two every year based on popular songs of the year.
This disorder is caused by a deficiency of dopamine in the basal ganglia circuit leading to motor deficits.
Parkinsonian gait is characterized by small shuffling steps and a general slowness of movement (hypokinesia), or even the total loss of movement (akinesia) in the extreme cases.
The patient has difficulty starting, but also has difficulty stopping after starting.
While the list of abnormal gait characteristics given below is the most discussed, it is certainly not exhaustive.
This load shift is believed to help in compensating for postural imbalance.
In the earlier stages of the disease, reduced forces (or peak heights) are found for heel contact and the push-off phase resembling that of elderly subjects.
Both symptoms often respond poorly and sometimes paradoxically to treatment with dopaminergic medication, perhaps pointing to a common underlying pathophysiology.
When the patient overcomes the block, walking can be performed relatively smoothly.
Falls result mainly due to sudden changes in posture, in particular turning movements of the trunk, or attempts to perform more than one activity simultaneously with walking or balancing.
Falls are also common during transfers, such as rising from a chair or bed.
This inflexibility increases the tendency to fall in these patients.
The quadriceps and hamstring muscles on the other hand, show prolonged activation in the stance phase of gait.
During movement, it has been shown that early autonomic postural disturbances are only partially corrected while the later occurring postural corrections are not affected by dopamine.
Hence various external sensory cues like auditory and visual cues have been developed to bypass the basal ganglia's cueing functions.
Rhythmic auditory cues have been associated with increases in velocity and cadence and sometimes stride after gait has been initiated.
Auditory cues have been shown to have little or no effect in gait initiation.
This causes the patient to focus their attention on the stepping action, thus making this a voluntary action and hence bypassing the faulty basal ganglia pathway (which is responsible for involuntary actions like walking).
Physiotherapists may help improve gait by creating training programs to lengthen a patient's stride length, broaden the base of support, improve the heel-toe gait pattern, straighten out a patient's posture, and increase arm swing patterns.
Research has shown gait training combining an overhead harness with walking on a treadmill has shown to improve both walking speed and stride length.
The harness assists the patient in maintaining an upright posture by eliminating the need to use a mobility aid, a practice which normally promotes a forward flexed posture.
It is believed the activation of the central pattern generator leads to the improvement in gait pattern.
Improving trunk flexibility, along with strengthening of the core muscles and lower extremities has been associated with increased balance and an improvement in gait pattern.
Aerobic exercises such as tandem bicycling and water aerobics are also crucial in improving strength and overall balance.
Strategies such as using a vertical walking pole can also help to improve upright postural alignment.
The therapist may also use tiles or footprints on the ground to improve foot placement and widen the patient's base of support.
Creative visualization of walking with a more normalized gait pattern, and mentally rehearsing the desired movement has also shown to be effective.
Immobility can also lead to osteoporosis which in-turn facilitates future fracture development.
This then becomes a vicious circle with falls leading to immobility and immobility facilitating future falls.
Practitioners believe that by performing these sexual arts, one can stay in good health and attain longevity.
In his last years, he was a frequent presence at old-time radio conventions and recreations, wrote online articles about the medium and his experiences, and even participated in radio-themed chat rooms.
Cicero, too, had a unique strategy in mind for his prosecution.
There had also been, concurrent with this, an almost perpetual scandal of wealthy senators and knights bribing juries to gain verdicts favorable to them.
In normal trials, both prosecution and defense would make a series of adversarial speeches before witnesses were called.
Cicero realized that this would inevitably drag out the proceedings past the new year, and so he requested that he be allowed to call witnesses immediately to buttress his charges, before the speeches were made.
Ibudilast has bronchodilator, vasodilator and neuroprotective effects, and is mainly used in the treatment of asthma and stroke.
It inhibits platelet aggregation, and may also be useful in the treatment of multiple sclerosis.
This activity has been shown to make ibudilast useful in the treatment of neuropathic pain and it not only enhances analgesia produced by opioid drugs, but also reduces the development of tolerance.
It may have some use reducing methamphetamine and alcohol addiction.
This likely plays a large part in its effect, specifically its synergy with opioid drugs, its anti-inflammatory effect, and its own painkilling effect.
Ibudilast ophthalmic solution is indicated for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis and hay fever.
He was waived by the team later in the season.
He led the team to a playoff spot in his first season.
The badge features a crest with a soccer ball inside a circle of electric flashes under the team name and founding year.
One all blue, one all yellow, and one all white.
The kits can be mixed and matched on game day to create multiple unique and colorful looks.
He is now involved in a number of start up ventures as both a consultant and investor.
The two form a deep friendship and talk about their various troubles.
He stressed the importance of empirical comparative material guided by theoretical hypothesis.
This prize is awarded for outstanding achievements in socio-legal research.
The larvae feed on locust, oak, chestnut, poplar, willow, maple and ash.
The species is considered a pest, because the tunnels the larvae create decrease the value of hardwood lumber.
He was subsequently named team co-captain for his return season.
It is restricted to a captive breeding program following its extinction in the wild due to the introduced brown tree snake.
Both sexes care for young, and some offspring remain with parents for extended periods.
Extinction of an island forest avifauna by an introduced snake.
Dubus and his three siblings spent much of their time alone while their mother worked to support the family.
Dubus describes his years as a boxer, how it saved his life, and led him to writing.
In episodic television, a bottle episode is produced cheaply and restricted in scope to use as few non-regular cast members, effects and sets as possible.
Bottle episodes are usually shot on sets built for other episodes, frequently the main interior sets for a series and consist largely of dialogue and scenes for which no special preparations are needed.
They are also commonly used when one script has fallen through and another has to be written at short notice.
Bottle episodes are sometimes produced when a show has a mid-season cliffhanger or an expensive season opener/closer, to allow as much of the budget as possible to go to the more expensive episodes.
The quiet episodes make the tenser, more dramatic episodes pop even more than they usually would just by their contrast.
This was a bottle episode not for budgeting reasons, but as an experiment with both the two characters' relationship and the viewing audience.
However, unlike other bottle episodes, the characters do leave the car on multiple occasions.
The camera itself, however, remains within the car throughout the entirety of the episode.
The entire episode is set inside a study room of the college with only the main cast.
Its plot centers around the main characters being trapped in a literal glass bottle, and passing the time by reminiscing about previous episodes.
The episode breaks the fourth wall multiple times with dialogue referencing the expense of television production, giving production staff a break, and the need to fill episodes that fall through.
He is a film-maker, video director, a director and teacher.
If scenes and sequences are generally imposed by the scenario and its narration, rhythmicien or metric cinema assumes to be indifferent to subject and story.
Images and sounds are detached from any production of meaning ; they are exclusively dedicated to a rhythmic layout where visual and sound elements are used as material for durations, rates, frequencies, times and cycles.
A process is established with the aim of collecting visual dynamics in a structured composition.
From shooting to editing, all cinematographic resources are considered a priori sources of rhythm: axes and camera movements, lenses, editing, are thus subject to constraint through a rhythmic system (similar to music, metric or not), which offers unusual compositions on screen.
Framings or pans, which are usually led by the movement of a character, are pre-set here: regardless of whether this character stays in the frame or not.
Once a month in his workshop, projections that are held.
His experimentations delve into his personal archives of films and videos, stored over time, in order to compose visual and sound arrangements specific to each session.
The result is a kind of palimpsest in permanent mutation.
Such a move would be done for efficiency and cost reasons, as well as to cut down on the government bureaucracy.
The town's mines made it famous and brought wealth to the state.
The vast majority of them are undocumented, with a large number having been deported or put in prison.
The colours of the logo are blue and yellow with a red background, the line drawing is white.
The symbol in the loops are: bible for caring for the soul, lamp for caring for others, eye for caring for the mind and gymmnastics clubs for caring for the body.
Her acting talent was praised not only by the audience but also by the critic.
The department was created to safeguard the rights of minorities and facilitates in the formulation of overall policy, planning, coordination, evaluation and review of the regulatory framework.
Eventually, they reach a line composed of demons who seek petitions from their demonic overlord.
Marceline, in her evil demon form, listens to the requests of her subjects, often ignoring what they seek and instead punishing them with macabre torture.
His drawings, however, got lost three times during production, although they were finally located.
Ward noted that it was difficult to keep the action lively, while also framing the scene as if it were stationary phone footage.
Moynihan was pleased with the largely positive critical reception the rap had from fans of the series.
The two later used it for a band that only recorded one song.
Most of those killed were in one car of the northbound train.
The operators of both trains survived; one jumped from the cab before the collision.
One train driver told a newspaper that it was difficult to see the signals because the sun was low in the sky.
A station master had cut power to the trains and attempted to warn them, but too late.
In the aftermath of the disaster new safety precautions were discussed and introduced.
The basic design of pebble-bed reactors features spherical fuel elements called pebbles.
This type of reactor is claimed to be passively safe; that is, it removes the need for redundant, active safety systems.
This system was plagued with problems and political and economic decisions were made to abandon the technology.
The uranium, thorium or plutonium nuclear fuels are in the form of a ceramic (usually oxides or carbides) contained within spherical pebbles a little smaller than the size of a tennis ball and made of pyrolytic graphite, which acts as the primary neutron moderator.
The pebble design is relatively simple, with each sphere consisting of the nuclear fuel, fission product barrier, and moderator (which in a traditional water reactor would all be different parts).
Simply piling enough pebbles together in a critical geometry will allow for criticality.
The pebbles are held in a vessel, and an inert gas (such as helium, nitrogen or carbon dioxide) circulates through the spaces between the fuel pebbles to carry heat away from the reactor.
Pebble-bed reactors need fire-prevention features to keep the graphite of the pebbles from burning in the presence of air if the reactor wall is breached, although the flammability of the pebbles is disputed.
Ideally, the heated gas is run directly through a turbine.
However, if the gas from the primary coolant can be made radioactive by the neutrons in the reactor, or a fuel defect could still contaminate the power production equipment, it may be brought instead to a heat exchanger where it heats another gas or produces steam.
The exhaust of the turbine is quite warm and may be used to warm buildings or chemical plants, or even run another heat engine.
Much of the cost of a conventional, water-cooled nuclear power plant is due to cooling system complexity.
These are part of the safety of the overall design, and thus require extensive safety systems and redundant backups.
A water-cooled reactor is generally dwarfed by the cooling systems attached to it.
Additional issues are that the core irradiates the water with neutrons causing the water and impurities dissolved in it to become radioactive and that the high-pressure piping in the primary side becomes embrittled and requires continual inspection and eventual replacement.
In contrast, a pebble-bed reactor is gas-cooled, sometimes at low pressures.
The spaces between the pebbles form the "piping" in the core.
Since there is no piping in the core and the coolant contains no hydrogen, embrittlement is not a failure concern.
The preferred gas, helium, does not easily absorb neutrons or impurities.
Therefore, compared to water, it is both more efficient and less likely to become radioactive.
A technical advantage is that some designs are throttled by temperature, not by control rods.
The reactor can be simpler because it does not need to operate well at the varying neutron profiles caused by partially withdrawn control rods.
Pebble-bed reactors are also capable of using fuel pebbles made from different fuels in the same basic design of reactor (though perhaps not at the same time).
Proponents claim that some kinds of pebble-bed reactors should be able to use thorium, plutonium and natural unenriched uranium, as well as the customary enriched uranium.
In most stationary pebble-bed reactor designs, fuel replacement is continuous.
Instead of shutting down for weeks to replace fuel rods, pebbles are placed in a bin-shaped reactor.
A pebble is recycled from the bottom to the top about ten times over a few years, and tested each time it is removed.
When it is expended, it is removed to the nuclear-waste area, and a new pebble inserted.
The fuel then sees a wider range of relative neutron speeds.
This reduces the number of neutrons available to cause fission, and reduces the power of the reactor.
Doppler broadening therefore creates a negative feedback: as fuel temperature increases, reactor power decreases.
All reactors have reactivity feedback mechanisms, but the pebble-bed reactor is designed so that this effect is very strong.
Also, it is automatic and does not depend on any kind of machinery or moving parts.
Because of this, and because the pebble-bed reactor is designed for higher temperatures, the reactor will passively reduce to a safe power-level in an accident scenario.
This is the main passive safety feature of the pebble-bed reactor, and it distinguishes the pebble-bed design (as well as most other very-high-temperature reactors) from conventional light-water reactors, which require active safety controls.
The reactor is cooled by an inert, fireproof gas, so it cannot have a steam explosion as a light-water reactor can.
Similarly, the moderator is solid carbon; it does not act as a coolant, move, or have phase transitions (i.e., between liquid and gas) as the light water in conventional reactors does.
A pebble-bed reactor thus can have all of its supporting machinery fail, and the reactor will not crack, melt, explode or spew hazardous wastes.
It simply goes up to a designed "idle" temperature, and stays there.
In that state, the reactor vessel radiates heat, but the vessel and fuel spheres remain intact and undamaged.
The machinery can be repaired or the fuel can be removed.
All the control rods were removed, and the coolant flow was halted.
Afterward, the fuel balls were sampled and examined for damage - there was none.
The dislocations are caused by neutron passage through the graphite.
The reactor itself is usually in a two-meter-thick-walled room with doors that can be closed, and cooling plenums that can be filled from any water source.
It slows neutrons very effectively, is strong, inexpensive, and has a long history of use in reactors and other very high temperature applications.
For example, pyrolytic graphite is also used, unreinforced, to construct missile reentry nose-cones and large solid rocket nozzles.
Its strength and hardness come from anisotropic crystals of carbon.
Pyrolytic carbon can burn in air when the reaction is catalyzed by a hydroxyl radical (e.g., from water).
However, all pebble-bed reactors are cooled by inert gases to prevent fire.
All pebble designs also have at least one layer of silicon carbide that serves as a fire break as well as a seal.
When the graphite burns, fuel material could be carried away in smoke from the fire.
Since burning graphite requires oxygen, the fuel kernels are coated with a layer of silicon carbide, and the reaction vessel is purged of oxygen.
While silicon carbide is strong in abrasion and compression applications, it does not have the same strength against expansion and shear forces.
Even a cracked pebble will not burn without oxygen, but the fuel pebble may not be rotated out and inspected for months, leaving a window of vulnerability.
However, the current emphasis on reactor safety means that any new design will likely have a strong reinforced concrete containment structure.
Also, any explosion would most likely be caused by an external factor, as the design does not suffer from the steam explosion-vulnerability of some water-cooled reactors.
The waste tends to be less hazardous and simpler to handle.
Defects in the production of pebbles may also cause problems.
The radioactive waste must either be safely stored for many human generations, typically in a deep geological repository, reprocessed, transmuted in a different type of reactor, or disposed of by some other alternative method yet to be devised.
The graphite pebbles are more difficult to reprocess due to their construction, which is not true of the fuel from other types of reactors.
Proponents point out that this is a plus, as it is difficult to re-use pebble-bed reactor waste for nuclear weapons.
Even modern fuel elements do not sufficiently retain strontium and cesium.
The pebble-bed reactor has an advantage over traditional reactors in that the gases do not dissolve contaminants or absorb neutrons as water does, so the core has less in the way of radioactive fluids.
The crucial breakthrough was the idea of combining fuel, structure, containment, and neutron moderator in a small, strong sphere.
The natural geometry of close-packed spheres then provides the ducting (the spaces between the spheres) and spacing for the reactor core.
The goal was to gain operational experience with a high-temperature gas-cooled reactor.
During removal of the fuel elements it became obvious that the neutron reflector under the pebble-bed core had cracked during operation.
The leak in the steam generator, leading to this accident, was probably caused by too high core temperatures (see criticism section).
Since few neutrons are absorbed, the coolant remains less radioactive.
In fact, it is practical to route the primary coolant directly to power generation turbines.
The release of radioactive dust was caused by a human error during a blockage of pebbles in a pipe.
Pebble debris and graphite dust blocked some of the coolant channels in the bottom reflector, as was discovered during fuel removal some years after final shut-down.
A failure of insulation required frequent reactor shut-downs for inspection, because the insulation could not be repaired.
This particular reactor was built, despite strong criticism at the design phase.
Their basic design was self-contained so it could be adapted to extreme environments such as space, polar and underwater environments.
Their design was for a nitrogen coolant passing directly though a conventional low-pressure gas turbine, and due to the rapid ability of the turbine to change speeds, it can be used in applications where instead of the turbine's output being converted to electricity, the turbine itself could directly drive a mechanical device, for instance, a propeller aboard a ship.
She is a theatrical actress that works in film, television, and has been assistant to director.
Sea foam, ocean foam, beach foam, or spume is a type of foam created by the agitation of seawater, particularly when it contains higher concentrations of dissolved organic matter (including proteins, lignins, and lipids) derived from sources such as the offshore breakdown of algal blooms.
As the seawater is churned by breaking waves in the surf zone adjacent to the shore, the presence of these surfactants under these turbulent conditions traps air, forming persistent bubbles that stick to each other through surface tension.
Due to its low density and persistence, foam can be blown by strong on-shore winds from the beachface inland.
If crude oil discharged from tankers at sea, or motor oil, sewage and detergents from polluted stormwater are present, the resulting sea foam is even more persistent, and can have a chocolate mousse texture.
If the foam forms from the breakdown of a harmful algal bloom (including those caused by some dinoflagellates and cyanobacteria), direct contact with the foam, or inhalation of aerosols derived from the foam as it dries, can cause skin irritations or respiratory discomfort.
In the song, the singer tells how he has many layers of skin, like an onion.
The common name, "tuco-tuco" comes from the "tuc-tuc" sound they make while they dig their burrows.
It has been described that they are in a state of "taxonomic chaos", but banded karyotypes have been used to help make progress on their taxonomic study.
Their skin is loosely applied, possibly to slide about the tunnels they create.
They have long fore feet for burrowing, and bristled hind feet for grooming.
They also have large heads, small ears, and hairy tails.
Their burrows maintain a fairly constant temperature and humidity level that is independent of the geographic region.
In order to excavate the soil, they have many morphological adaptations, including their body shape, reduced eyes, and strong limbs.
Their olfaction is increased and is used to help orient themselves during digging and establishing a territory.
The two techniques they use for digging are scratch-digging and skull-tooth digging.
Their claws and forelimbs are used primarily for scratch-digging, and their skull and incisor teeth are used secondarily for skull-tooth digging.
Due to the high energy cost of foraging for food, their diet is rather broad.
It is known that the male takes an aggressive posture and exchanges chemical or acoustic signals with the female.
Most of these species are solitary animals, however some are semisocial or social, with a tendency for the most social species (e.g.
Moreover, the dictionary has the facility to categorize the words as per their origin, nature and locality.
Later lots of interested people specialized in different areas joined as the working force behind this dictionary.
However, the database for these languages is still substantially small.
As of now the website has two levels of volunteers: "contributors" and "editors".
However, the broader global awareness of the social and economic consequences of disasters caused by natural hazards developed as the decade progressed.
Ensure that all departments understand their role to disaster risk reduction and preparedness.
Ensure that this information and the plans for your city's resilience are readily available to the public and fully discussed with them.
Identify safe land for low-income citizens and develop upgrading of informal settlements, wherever feasible.
Adapt to climate change by building on good risk reduction practices.
The nominated cities or local governments must show innovation, sustained results in measuring and reducing disaster risk, their aims to continue to do so as well as must be interested to showcase and share experiences.
They inspire, share experience, create learning opportunities and provide support to other cities to boost their efforts towards committed resilient cities and communities.
It encourages every citizen and government to take part in building more disaster resilient communities and nations.
From its inception the colony had been embroiled in controversy regarding the terms of agreement between the land company and the settlers.
But the colonists, concerned over the possible sale of some claims and angered over the legislature's generosity towards the land company, continued their protest and demanded that the law be repealed.
The proclamation, which was viewed by the company's opponents as arrogant and autocratic, contributed to the misinterpretation of the compromise law.
Alarmed by the colonists' actions, the land company adopted a conciliatory tone towards the settlers.
Except for relatively minor adjustments made in the courts and the legislature over the next ten years, the colonists' title difficulties were ended.
It is used as both an inter-server transport protocol and (with restricted behavior enforced) a mail submission protocol.
They are presented here in capitalized form for emphasis only.
It consists of an authentication step through which the client effectively logs into the mail server during the process of sending mail.
The guns were put on rails to enable the howitzers to deploy outside for fire missions and to retreat inside their hardened bunkers/tunnels for protection (capable of withstanding direct hits from aerial bombs) when needed.
Support is available both to students leaving secondary education and applying to study at a university and to students already at a university who need support to continue with their studies.
The scholarship can cover their expenses including tuition, accommodation and living costs, with the exact amount depending on a range of factors.
Upon meeting certain criteria, selected students may receive financial support for the complete duration of their course of study.
The shortlisted applicants are invited for a second round of selection consisting of an interview.
His winning design was inspired by the growth of mycelium and other living organisms.
She is the second largest one-fuselage high speed ferry in the world.
Generally, each regiment has more than one battalion and each battalion has more than one company.
There once were many more battalions, but unfortunately the brigade has seen a decrease in membership in recent years and many companies have now become defunct.
Ranks that merit chevrons wear the chevron on the mid-upper arm, facing downward.
Officer ranks, be it in the form of pips, crowns, or both, are worn on both sides of the lapel.
For this reason, there are generally only two in the brigade at any given time.
This rank can take on both the attributes of a senior section member or those of an officer, but wear an officer's uniform.
After achieving a warrant officer rank, members who move into the ranks of officers are given the privilege of skipping the "officer candidate" stage.
The members are then instructed to fall in and do drill before moving onto games.
Other activities include cooking, arts & crafts, host and hostess, fitness, astronomy, first aid.
Activities carried out are not subject to a certain 'curriculum'.
The brigade publishes an official badge scheme and supply official badges to go on members' uniforms.
Some companies choose to add their own certificates when they cannot find a suitable badge for an activity they would like to undertake.
Due to the parades taking place, drill is practised on company nights.
The length and complexity of drill varies with each section.
Members are taught how to put a tent up, to cook for themselves and campsite etiquette.
Many companies also offer their own camps so as to include their younger sections.
Some of these sports are used as competitions between battalions and then between regiments.
This encourages members to meet people from other places and discuss the brigade with them.
Unihoc is a version of hockey, played with a puck, and plastic hockey sticks.
There is also an athletics competition in which regiments compete for the trophies.
Brigades teach their members these instruments and encourage lessons outside the brigade.
It supports brigade events and performs three concerts in the autumn of each year.
The choir's repertoire covers a wide range from modern and popular classics to full choral pieces.
In recent years a small band of accompanists has developed, including guitar, bass and percussion.
We share a desire to learn about our heritage in a constructive way.
Aiming to educate members using attractive and interactive methods and a new historical information sheet has been produced along with numerous factsheets.
This prayer is the standard brigade prayer and is said all over the country.
To fight valiantly under his banner against sin, the world and the devil, and to continue as his faithful soldiers and servants to the end of our lives.
Their device also includes the ability for users to manipulate the holograms with gestures.
Its color pattern is yellowish brown, or yellow clouded with orange-brown.
The five whorls are sloping above, convex, longitudinally irregularly striate, and spirally costate.
The costae are rugose, irregular, slightly elevated, about four on the penultimate whorl, twelve on the body whorl.
Various organizations offer training that meets the requirements of the dive leader standard.
Scuba dive leaders are considered competent to plan, organise and conduct dives and to lead other recreational divers on open water dives, and for specialised recreational scuba diving activities for which they have been trained.
They are also considered competent to conduct emergency procedures associated with these activities and the relevant diving environment.
Additional specialised training and experience is required to lead divers on more demanding dives.
This may be considered more important for a dive leader who has a duty of care to their clients.
In some countries, such an examination is required by law and it is a prerequisite for any training in many diving schools.
The thick, solid, imperforate shell has a depressed conical shape.
It is blackish, dotted upon the ribs with yellow or white .
The conic spire is more or less depressed with an acute apex.
The ridges are nodulous and number three on the penultimate whorl.
The body whorl is depressed, angulate at the periphery, and concentrically lirate below.
The outer lip is edged with blackish, then nacreous, and lined with opaque white, the thickening slightly notched at the place of the periphery.
The oblique columella is nearly straight, flat, opaque white and backed by nacreous.
It is common to abundant in rocky intertidal areas, where it is the only trochid found on open rock surfaces, in sheltered areas and semi-exposed coasts.
After repaying the debt, he stayed in the vial to gain further information.
Her talent is to form poison from water (more like the chlorine used to clean things with).
She had only one tear left in her eyes, half a tear in each, and if she was to cry that last tear, she would become blind.
He rejected offers to be transformed back into a man and seems to like being a tree during that time.
Having her natural ogrishness diluted by having accidentally gotten a magic talent she isn't as ugly and stupid as a normal ogre.
Because of this she wanted to be a main character since nothing bad happens to a main character.
It is said that she has already survived the destruction and recreation of the universe several times.
Erotetics is a part of logic, devoted to logical analysis of questions.
The neighborhood is largely residential and there are no commercial thoroughfares, which run through the neighborhood.
The roof tended to leak, and rats would often gnaw at the cables.
Much of the crew and cast, including many locals who ended up participating in the show, had to learn their respective jobs as they went along.
Early shows began with a cold open suggesting the sinister plot for that program, then cut to a shot of a big ocean wave and the start of the theme song.
Most of the promos are slightly edited to remove references to "next week".
There were two versions of the closing credits portion of the show.
In later seasons, the same music was played over film of outrigger canoeists battling the surf.
A typical episode, on average, would have at least two-thirds of all footage shot on location, as opposed to a "typical" show of the time which would be shot largely on sound stages and backlots.
Although the theme is most widely known as an instrumental, it has been released with at least two similar but different sets of lyrics.
The song was written after the band members realized they were spending a lot of evenings watching the program.
The lyrics of the song's verses consist entirely of references to story lines of the early episodes.
The chorus alludes to the boredom which band members experienced when the program wasn't on.
The omission is mentioned on the back of the box.
Unlike many albums of television music of the time, the music was taken directly from the scoring sessions rather than being specially re-recorded for album release.
Each one had a plot line written for the book and was not based on a television episode.
Though the fast itself generated some media coverage, many of the people involved felt that holding the banner in the university district was the most effective part of the fast.
It focused on the reasons to adopt a vegan diet, focusing on the abuse of the animals involved.
He did this to become educated on the science of nutrition and to figure out what could be done to minimize the number of failed vegetarians in the future.
The essay also argued against the movement's focus on trying to get media attention through protests.
It also questioned the effectiveness of civil disobedience and direct action, and a perceived tendency towards self-delusion and dogmatism in vegetarian and animal rights promotion.
Another problem we encountered was that people would see the word "vegan" or "vegetarian" on our flyers and assume we were just do-gooder busybodies trying to get them to improve their health, so they would not take a flyer.
Rarely have so few pages contained so much intelligence and good advice.
Hundreds and hundreds of others also leaflet for the animals.
Every day, every single person makes decisions that affect the lives of farmed animals.
Inspiring someone to change leads to fewer animals suffering on factory farms.
Furthermore, suggestions for alternative foods, information on staying healthy on a plant-based diet, and tips for advocacy are included in brochures.
In other words, the focus isn't so much personal beliefs or specific choices, but rather the animals and their suffering.
For every person inspired to change his or her habits, a vegan's impact on the world multiplies.
Currently the vast majority of people in our society have no problem eating the actual leg of a chicken.
It is not surprising that many people dismiss vegans as unreasonable and irrational when our example includes interrogating waiters, not eating veggie burgers cooked on the same grill with meat, not taking photographs or using medicines, etc.
Instead of spending our limited time and resources worrying about the margins (cane sugar, film, medicine, etc.
Helping just one person change leads to hundreds fewer animals suffering in factory farms.
By choosing to promote compassionate eating, every person we meet is a potential major victory....
It is not enough to be a righteous vegan, or even a dedicated, knowledgeable vegan advocate.
The animals don't need us to be right, they need us to be effective.
To do this, we have to be the opposite of the vegan stereotype.
Regardless of the sorrow and outrage we rightly feel at the cruelties the animals suffer, we must strive to be what others want to be: joyful, respectful individuals, whose fulfilling lives inspire others.
Only then can we do our best for the animals.
Young people not only have more meals ahead of them but also have more opportunities to influence others.
The first wave of shows took place approximately every other year, and three of the first four shows were filmed and released theatrically as movies with corresponding record albums.
The aim was to raise consciousness of human rights issues rather than fund-raising.
There was no anticipation that the event might be filmed or recorded to be shared with an audience beyond the people attending the benefit, and no anticipation that it might be anything other than a one-off event.
Cleese was taken with the idea and volunteered to assist the event by helping to "round up a few friends".
Lewis also undertook responsibility for publicising the show and its film and record spin-offs.
This show was unlike the first show and its primary successors in three key aspects.
The title grew out of the discarded working title of the previous year's show.
Cleese focused on broadening the comedic talent to be presented at the show.
It became a commercial success on both its theatrical release and its subsequent home video release.
One featured highlights of the comedy material, while the other featured the musical performances.
Instead of the live show being primarily a comedy show with a few musical cameos, the event made a point of giving equal emphasis to comedy and music.
The show's four nights were divided up into two nights of comedy and two nights of music.
The shows were videotaped and a home video special was created integrating performances from the two comedy nights and two music nights.
While all the musical performances were presented in full, the comedic performances were often edited heavily.
This reflected the fact that, unlike the previous shows (which had been stage events that integrated comedy and music) the performances were edited together from two entirely different types of stage show.
Amnesty resisted recommendations to postpone or cancel the event and proceeded with the weekend.
Because there have been many different versions released in different configurations in different countries over the years, there has been some public confusion as to which version is which.
The discs feature the edited, truncated versions of the earlier films.
Their remains are buried in the churchyard, where the stone can still be seen.
Each township includes unincorporated areas and some may have incorporated towns or cities within part of their space.
Townships are also of value for historical purposes in terms of genealogical research.
The pine barrens created densely forested, terrain, where concealment of guerrilla and criminal activities, could easily be carried out.
With no chance of escape, he was bayoneted and shot to death.
Karo has dense dark gray-green leathery leaves that are furry underneath.
Clusters of small red-purple flowers appear in spring, developing into seed pods that split to expose the sticky seeds.
They are being kept under observation to ensure they do not escape into the wild.
In addition to hosting events, the center displays artifacts and factoids from its days as a factory.
Summers' firm was brought on board to provide structural engineering for the massive helix finale.
It protects a rugged, forested area that is home to several rare or endangered species of mammals.
The climate is moist, creating an ecosystem rich in mosses, lichens, bromeliads and orchids.
These are sensitive to air pollution and drastic changes to the environment, so their presence indicates that air quality is good.
There is a marshy area in the park with an exotic ornamental called marsh lily, and many species of herbaceous shrubs and trees of different families.
The park is an important refuge for several species of amphibians, mammals and birds.
Primates include howler monkeys, titis, micos and robust capuchin monkeys.
The insect pachymeroceroides novabadensis, which prefers a very humid environment, was first discovered in the park.
The headquarters has gardens, lawns and a small playground for children.
There are three trails, each taking less than an hour.
The others lead through interesting forest areas and over watercourses.
In the last part of her life she accepted only minor acting roles in plays and movies.
He wrote poetry with gaucho themes, but using cultured and educated language.
Troop-contributing countries were urged to take preventive and disciplinary action to ensure that such acts were properly investigated and punished in cases involving their personnel.
Two of the regiment's late replacements authored books after the war ended.
The clinic first opened its doors as a private orthopedic clinic, gradually enlarging its portfolio, adding more and more specialties every year.
These articles cover diseases and their possible treatments and also emphasize the importance of daily physical education in the prevention of diseases.
In molecular biology, the catalase-related immune-responsive domain is a protein domain found in catalases.
Microsoft has been contacted regarding this issue but has not demonstrated in their forums any will to include the dll.
An official world or map editor is not currently planned because it hinders the end-user, since there is no way one editor can be used for every project this engine is used for.
To remove the logo and publish a commercial project, a license needs to be acquired.
A source license can be purchased for an as yet undisclosed price.
Today, has grown into a global company, supporting thousands of clients and community users.
The poem focuses on people's reactions to death, as well as the death itself, one of the main ideas being that life goes on.
The boy lost his hand to a buzz saw and bled so profusely that he went into shock, dying in spite of his doctor's efforts.
Bearing this in mind, the poem can be read as a critique as to how warfare can force innocent, young boys to leave their childhood behind, and ultimately be destroyed by circumstances created by the 'responsible' adult.
Macbeth is shocked to hear of his wife's death and comments on the brevity of life.
This poem uses some figurative language including onomatopoeia, alliteration, imagery, and many others.
I have never earned a penny from doing anything apart from acting.
Scenes from this festival are also featured in this issue.
Maybe it's because he came to acting from performing in the circus.
He has a web page for this event to receive sponsors and donations: uk.virginmoneygiving.com/jimcarter.
However, in modern times, there are many more areas in which nations cooperate.
He is noted for his work in constraint programming and propositional satisfiability.
She was one of five cover girls in her second appearance.
The game sees players racing slot cars against an opponent across four circuits, each with several track configurations.
The game features a number of slot cars to choose from, each with different attributes in acceleration, speed and grip, with additional cars unlockable as they progress through the game.
The skill in playing the game comes from determining when to slow down around corners so the player's car doesn't fly off the track, and when they should use their limited turbo boosts during the race.
Along with the single player mode, the game features a two player versus mode and a time attack mode.
The game also features a minigame similar to roulette in which players race around a track to try to accumulate a score that matches or exceeds a goal score.
These are yellow with a red centre and are supported by short pedicels that are concealed by a series of overlapping bracts.
The species are commonly known as wintergreen, a name shared with several other related and unrelated plants (see wintergreen for details).
They are rather small plants with a rosette of simple orbicular or ovate leaves, with a flower stem bearing generally rather lax racemes of simple white, cream or pink flowers.
To the casual observer the flower appears to have a small bell-clapper sticking out.
The pollen itself is produced in tetrads and is rather sticky.
Not surprisingly, wintergreens are insect pollinated, most commonly by flies.
The rather large and complex stigma may be an adaptation to ensure that small insects carrying pollen have an attractive landing place.
The flowers are produced in the summer and the rather inconspicuous greenish seed capsules are produced in the autumn.
They are often rather local in distribution but can be locally common especially in their more northern locations.
Occurring often separately from the leaved varieties are the achlorophyllous, leafless forms of one or more of the typed species.
These are myco-heterotrophs and feed parasitically off of one or more of the local mycelia.
Because of this parasitic action, the viability of the non-photosynthetic pyrola relies on the survival of the supporting mycelium.
The pyrola group is one of a select few that can live both photosynthetically or not.
This differentiation is not understood and if deciphered could explain how other obligate non-photosynthetic forest dwelling plants have crossed that evolutionary threshold.
The focus is on evacuation, rather than long-term survival, distinguishing the bug-out bag from a survival kit, a boating or aviation emergency kit, or a fixed-site disaster supplies kit.
The kits are also popular in the survivalism and prepper subcultures.
They were directed to "bug out" when being overrun was imminent.
The concept passed into wide usage among other military and law enforcement personnel, though the "bail-out bag" is as likely to include emergency gear for going into an emergency situation as for escaping an emergency.
Any or all supports deploying the operator plus his or her privately owned self-contained radio communications setup.
It is therefore prudent to gather all of the materials and supplies that might be required to do this into a single place, such as a bag or a few storage containers.
The recommendation that a bug-out bag contain enough supplies for seventy-two hours arises from advice from organizations responsible for disaster relief and management that it may take them up to seventy-two hours to reach people affected by a disaster and offer help.
The bag's contents may vary according to the region of the user, as someone evacuating from the path of a hurricane may have different supplies from someone who lives in an area prone to blizzards, earthquakes or wildfires.
In addition to allowing one to survive a disaster evacuation, a bug-out bag may also be used when sheltering in place as a response to emergencies such as house fires, blackouts, tornadoes, and other severe natural disasters.
Some survivalists also recommend keeping a 'get me home' kit in the car and/or at work.
This is a kit to enable a person to get back home from work in an emergency where all transport cars and public transport have broken down.
It is generally assumed that during an emergency situation outer wear will be worn for an extended period of time.
A disaster plan including location of emergency centers, rallying points, possible evacuation routes, etc.
Professional emergency literature explaining what to do in various types of disaster, studied and understood before the actual disaster but kept for reference.
If you have to sleep on the ground then a thick plastic or oilcloth tarp under the sleeping bags will keep ground moisture out of your bedding.
A second one suspended on a rope between two trees or other supports can be used to form a tarp tent shelter from the morning dew or a rainstorm.
Copies of medical records for each person in the family.
Cash and change, as electronic banking transactions may not be available during the initial period following an emergency or evacuation.
In the past years officials have often prevented foreigners from entering the institute or staying there overnight.
Tourist guides will not take foreigners to the nuns' side of the river even though there are no legal or real cultural reasons against that.
There is a simple hotel and restaurant next to the gate.
They feed in spun together leaves of their host plant.
Kenwood designs, produces and sells kitchen appliances including stand mixers, blenders, food processors, kettles and toasters.
She makes her own beats, she rhymes, she sings, and she plays.
Californiconus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks.
Its generalist diet includes fish, other molluscs and worms, contrary to what is the case in other cone snail species, which have more specialized diets.
The shoulder of the shell is usually nodulose and the protoconch is usually multispiral.
Markings often include the presence of tents except for black or white color variants, with the absence of spiral lines of minute tents and textile bars.
The shell may be sculpted with spiral lines, but can be relatively smooth.
The anterior notch is slight or absent, and the anal notch is shallow.
A blunt shaft fold is located just posterior to the waist.
They are: molluscivorous (they prey on gastropods and bivalves); vermivorous (they prey on polychaete marine worms); and piscivorous (the also prey on fish).
Debate within the scientific community regarding this issue continues, and additional molecular phylogeny studies are being carried out in an attempt to clarify the issue.
The policy of the municipality is to build low-density, spacious homes to preserve the landscape and views from every home.
One collapsed and unemployment soared creating a challenging situation for residents.
Companies specialize in a wide range of technologies, including semicondcutors, biotechnology, pharmaceuticals and medical devices.
Not just in terms of ecological activism, but also in terms of its physical surroundings.
The city has its own environmental protection committee responsible for defining and implementing an overall strategy for improving the quality of life and protecting the environment.
The strategy emphasizes: planned development, environmental management, educational programs for environmental protection, urban sanitation, cause and effect management, and conservation of energy and water.
It actively promotes walking and use of bicycles for transportation, and all bus stops are handicapped-accessible.
The drainage systems work well and stockpile water for reuse in city parks and gardens.
The city also uses a computerized irrigation system to save water and achieve optimal results.
The municipality invests both time and money to maintain the natural beauty of its green spaces.
Its building codes have become stricter and greener as the demand for housing has increased.
A "green" neighborhood is currently under construction which includes environment friendly lighting, irrigation and waste management.
At the same time, the municipality has actively worked to make the older neighborhoods more attractive.
Over the years, it has won financial prizes for proper management, which have been invested in city employees and local improvement.
The municipality has privatized a range of services including gardening, garbage collection, and rates collection, resulting in substantial savings for reinvestment.
He lost the back-and-forth fight via rear-naked choke submission late in the second round.
Benoit immediately apologized for his behavior, claiming he had let his emotions get the better of him.
He lost the fight via submission in the first round.
Benoit won the fight via knockout due to a head kick in the third round.
In anger, she tried to kill them herself, but did not have the courage.
Instead, she used her magic to turn the children into swans.
To end the spell, they would have to be blessed by a monk.
Some versions of the tale claim each child was tied to the other with silver chains to ensure that they would stay together forever.
In this attack, the silver chains were broken and the swans transformed into old, withered people.
Another version of the legend tells that as the king was leaving the sanctuary with the swans, the bell of the church tolled, releasing them from the spell.
When they came back to the land a priest found them.
Concurrently computer technology improved and computer operating systems began to incorporate accessibility options such as speech screen readers or magnification for no cost.
He has served for over two decades in financial planning and management in the fields of commerce and industry, public sector.
This is in addition to the already existing agricultural, commercial and services, finance and investment and industrial and allied sectors.
The change is expected to double the value of shares traded each day on the bourse with enhanced integrity and efficiency.
Investors are now able to access current information thus facilitating them to make informed investment decisions on timely basis.
Analysts then observed that were the plan to fail due to shareholder reluctance, the retail chain would have to find a new equity partner to fund its recovery.
The initial plan is said to have been abandoned after it appeared to be biased against the small investor.
Multi-purpose stadiums are a type of stadium designed to be easily used by multiple types of events.
While any stadium could potentially host more than one type of sport or event, this concept usually refers to a specific design philosophy that stresses multifunctionality over specificity.
This requires a particular design to accommodate both, usually an oval.
While building stadiums in this way means that sports teams and governments can share costs, it also imposes some challenges.
This type of stadium is associated with an era of suburbanization, in which many sports teams followed their fans out of large cities into areas with cheaper, plentiful land.
They were usually built near highways and had large parking lots, but were rarely connected to public transit.
Several stadiums hosted multiple sports teams prior to the advent of multipurpose stadiums.
The advantage to a multipurpose stadium is that a singular infrastructure and piece of real estate can support both teams in terms of transportation and playing area, and money (often public money) that would have been spent to support infrastructure for two stadiums could be spent elsewhere.
Most cities lacked affordable space for such stadiums near their city centers, so multipurpose stadiums were typically built in suburbs with freeways access.
Subsets of the multipurpose stadiums were the so-called "cookie-cutter stadiums" or "concrete donuts" which were all very similar in design.
They featured a completely circular or nearly circular design, and accommodated both baseball and football by rotating sections of the box seat areas to fit the respective playing fields.
These fields often used artificial turf, as it could withstand the reconfiguration process more easily or be removed for nonsporting events, plus it could be used in domes, which many of these stadiums were.
The southwest part of the stadium also had four tiers of seats, luxury boxes, a facade facing the street, and a roof, whereas the northern half of the stadium used a simpler two-tiered seating configuration.
However, even in these areas, the amount of compromise needed to accommodate multiple sports varies considerably.
This makes them much harder to accommodate within a rectangular-shaped stadium.
This often means the sports simply find it easier to play in separate stadiums.
This was because the athletics track, which was seldom used, was constructed around the outside of the pitch, while views from the lower tier were also restricted due to the positioning of advertising boardings.
Different stadiums have different angles between the left- and right-field seats.
In stadiums that were primarily football stadiums converted to baseball stadiums, the stands were at nearly right angles.
Baseball stadiums that converted to football stadiums had more of an obtuse angle between the stands.
When the stadium was configured for baseball, the portable sections would be placed in the western quadrant of the stadium and serve as the third-base half of the infield.
In the football configuration, these are placed in the northern quadrant of the stadium (covering what is used as left field in the baseball configuration) to allow for the football field to be laid out east-west.
This had the advantage of improving sightlines for both sports while keeping the baseball dimensions roughly symmetrical.
Several teams closed off sections of the upper level and only sold them during the playoffs, as they were too far away to be of any use during the regular season.
For football, the seats nearest the field were set farther back than at football-only stadiums to accommodate the larger baseball field.
In some cases, the seats closest to the field, normally prime seats for baseball, were almost at field level for football.
The large capacities of multipurpose stadiums were usually more than adequate for football.
However, baseball crowds tend to be much smaller than football crowds, resulting in baseball games at these stadiums being swallowed up in the environment.
This was especially true if a baseball team were not doing particularly well either on the field or in the box office.
This was another reason some baseball teams closed sections of the upper level during the regular season.
Many multipurpose stadiums also had artificial turf playing surfaces, to ease the transition from baseball field to football field and vice versa.
In many cases, the turf was nothing more than carpet on top of concrete with little padding material, which caused frequent injuries to players.
During the first month of the football season, the playing field included the infield soil that is harder than the grass and is also a significant injury risk.
This detracted from the unique, individual identity enjoyed by the sport-specific "jewel box" stadiums with odd or asymmetrical field dimensions, and further supported the "cookie cutter stadium" nickname.
The suburban locales of many multipurpose stadiums (as well as other sport-specific stadiums also built there) were also a focal point for criticism, as they were often no longer in the municipality the teams represent, especially if the stadium were built across a state border.
These parks were built in two varieties: "retro-classic" parks, which combine the interior and exterior design of the "classic" ballparks with the amenities of newer facilities; and "retro-modern" parks, which have modern amenities and "retro" interiors, but have modern exterior designs.
Modern artificial turf requires a more permanent installation, including sand and rubber base and/or infill that is not easily removed, thus does not lend itself well to multipurpose stadiums.
Because of such turfs' superiority in other features compared to the earlier turfs, it has been seen as easier to build new stadiums for each sport rather than attempt to share an inflexible turf installation among multiple sports.
An added benefit of single-sport stadiums that was impossible with the "concrete donut" design of the multipurpose stadiums is improved panoramic views of areas outside the stadium, such as mountains, bodies of water, or city skylines.
Still, several modern baseball-specific stadiums are able to be (and have been) converted for football use.
A line laser is a laser modified to project a line rather than a point (e.g.
Using multiple lasers, it is possible to project multiple lines for use with image processing.
Depending on the application, line lasers can generate lines, crosses or other patterns.
Civil engineering and interior design projects can use line lasers to measure the levelling of a small building site.
Posts are the vertical, roof-bearing timbers that were placed in the excavated post holes.
Posts were often placed in trenches filled with stone, but were still susceptible to decay.
This type of construction is often believed to be an intermediate form between a palisade construction and a stave construction.
Because the holes for the posts are easily detected in archaeological surveys they can be differentiated from the other two, even if none of the original post churches have survived.
During restoration work it was noted that the posts seemed to touch the ground but as the church had sunken into ground it was difficult to verify if it was indeed a post church or a stave church.
The only unquestionable indication of the origin of this church is the construction whereby the sill is tapped into the corner post, while in the more common stave church construction of this type the corner post stands on top of the sill.
The community was reported as saying it wishes to demonstrate the practicality of permaculture principles, living in simple bender structures, growing its own vegetables and recycling its waste.
Structures included a shower, compost toilet, and kitchen, mostly bender tents made from tree branches and recycled materials.
Consensus decision making was the basis for community organisation, informed by an intention to live a more simple and eco-friendly existence.
Food supply was augmented by regular trips to local grocery bins and skips, some residents describing themselves as freegans.
The community included some previously homeless people; others left houses and jobs in order to apply on a daily basis principles of anti-consumerism.
Some species may have evolved synchronized dichogamy as a mechanism to prevent self pollination.
For younger age groups there is a soccer school with its own dedicated coaches.
It is also known as manjakoori in its native range.
It is also known by a host of other names, such as bullseye catfish, golden red tail catfish, solar catfish, and sun catfish.
The eyes are large and can be seen from below the fish.
There is a dorsal fin with a hard spine as well as an adipose fin.
There are four pairs of barbels, one nasal, one maxillary (sides of the mouth), and two mandibular (chin).
The body is yellowish with black shoulder spot surrounded by a lighter outline.
The population genetic structure of this species has been studied extensively by using genetic markers.
This species occupies lowland areas of rivers and backwaters with mud or sand substrate.
It has also been recorded in deep pools and hill streams.
It is an unspecialized feeder and eats a variety of meaty foods.
Stomachs of these fish contain detritus which is indicative of its bottom-feeding habits.
This flexible diet is beneficial in its variable habitat, in which food availality is affected by monsoons.
Feeding rate is known to increase during the breeding season in the months following the monsoon season.
Spawning occurs before the monsoons and finishes by the southwest monsoon in the summer.
There are also areas of tall grass swamps close to the river channels.
A function key is a key on a computer or terminal keyboard which can be programmed so as to cause an operating system command interpreter or application program to perform certain actions, a form of soft key.
On some keyboards/computers, function keys may have default actions, accessible on power-on.
The interpretation of the function keys was determined by the programming of a plugboard inside the back of the machine.
The case included a transparent plastic strip above them to hold a function key reference card.
Werder's victory in that game would guarantee them the title.
The district name is derived from this cooking pot shape of the bay.
Suddenly, he saw a strange animal with a red body, black head and a white breast.
It was a fine-looking animal and moved with great speed as it disappeared into the jungle.
Also on the property is a boathouse and formal sunken garden.
The protection, preservation, conservation and restoration of industrial heritage and related machinery is often overlooked in social histories.
The site was originally a depot used for the tunnelling of the main trunk sewer and was a desolate waste land when the club took it over.
In addition to the engines owned by the club, a number of members' privately owned engines are kept at the centre.
Particular emphasis is placed on exhibiting engines as they were intended to be used, driving industrial or agricultural implements for example.
Exhibits from many other associated clubs and historic machinery associations are also displayed and operated, as well as that from private collectors and enthusiasts.
On the trip you pass the lake complete with numerous ducks and other water birds, you see the cattle grazing on the nearby farmland and you view some of the museum machinery around the track.
The line is only set up to run a single train at any one time.
The grounds have shady trees, picnic tables and wood-fired barbecues for a picnic outing.
There is no charge for admission to the grounds except for some special events like the annual rally.
The child is sleepless at night, because of noises from his aunt's room, which is visited by local men: his aunt instead tells him that the noises are a matter of remorse for his bad habits, and he is overcome by guilty feelings resulting from his repressive environment.
He runs to his aunt's room, and she hides the man in her closet.
Benedict is told not to inform the priest of what happened, -to do so would only offend the "celestial friends" by what would be a sin of pride.
She discovers him, and warns him not to say anything to the priest, even in the confession which will be the prelude to his first communion.
The boy is dressed up like the saint, and carried in procession, as though he were a veritable icon.
Among the friars, who take to admiring him for his simplicity and naivety, he works as a labourer.
The brotherhood await for some 'sign' that will indicate his vocation in life.
It provokes his desire, and also his fears of leaving the security of the monastery.
While working in the fields one day, a schoolteacher is bitten by a snake, and pleads with him to save her.
He kills the snake (symbol of the primal temptation) and, when he explains to her that the venom must be sucked out through an incision, proceeds to suck her upper calf, spitting the poison out, yet massaging her legs in a frenzy of barely disguised ardour.
He has, he tells the friar in a drunken moment, found the sign they were all waiting for.
The two young men, by mutual agreement, give birth to live together as husband and wife for six years.
The pharmacist atheist, dying, without gloss, kiss the crucifix which the priest approaches the lips.
Benedict arrives in time to witness the scene and shocked by the alleged conversion of his beloved "father" runs away and tries to commit suicide by jumping off a cliff over the sea.
His father was a mechanical engineer and his mother was a saleswoman.
Due to a lack of conclusive evidence, the court was unable to determine which of three gunmen (one of whom had already died) had fired the fatal bullet.
He started in theater as an actor before turning to writing.
He specialized in melodramas, often with special effects that he designed using his engineering background.
In addition to writing, he often designed lighting and special effects for the productions, which tended to the spectacular.
He follows her (his sister, defying the warnings) to the south, where they spend the winter.
In modern terminology this equates to comparing the cost of capital with the return on capital.
In economies where the natural rate is higher than the money rate, credit growth will drive a positive disequilibrium in an economy.
When the natural rate of interest is lower than the money rate, the demand for credit dries up leading to a negative disequilibrium and capital destruction.
His memorial bears his own composition as he did not trust anyone else to write it.
By this time he was refusing to attend local party meetings or hold "advice surgeries" for his constituents.
The change of palatal j to soft y is not unusual.
The community was named for a tract of forest near the original town site.
The district includes an elementary school, middle school and high school.
It accepts articles of interest to any reader involved with improving patient care and publishes case reports, research papers and clinical reviews.
A fee, to cover article processing and open access, is payable once an article is accepted for publication.
The prize covers expenses for travel abroad in pursuit of further study, research or clinical training relevant to the applicant's current interests.
Materialist feminism: a reader in class, difference, and women's lives.
The apical, subapical and tornal areas of the forewings are brown and the medial area is light brown.
The hindwings are uniform grey with a narrow marginal line.
Medicine supply to the hospital is stable and medicines are available for all common ailments.
The town also has a reasonably well maintained veterinary hospital with a veterinary doctor and a veterinary inspector.
The huge peeple tree gives cool breeze which refreshes both mind and body.
Cricket, volleyball, badminton and different types of matches are played.
Many flood light cricket and volleyball matches are held here.
This is played normally once a week, and only in few months a year.
This event threatens to cause a global panic, because the planet's entire way of life relies on the belief that robots are incapable of harming or disobeying humans.
The book is set at a point in history where humanity is spread among many planets and divided into two main cultures.
They are thus incapable of rebellion or disobedience, and are even unable to think anything which is contrary to the instructions of humans.
Their total servitude and extreme intelligence have had severely damaging effects on the mental and physical health of the human population.
Robots have taken over many basic tasks such as driving cars and even dressing humans.
On waking (late), he immediately realizes that he does not know where his clothes are stored, and that the clothes have fasteners which are specially designed for a robot's hands to operate.
Ultimately he manages to get his clothes on but cannot fit them properly.
She explains that in many performance halls, all but the lead actors in a play are normally robots.
And since nobody goes to the theatre, many of the seats are filled with robots to make the house look packed.
She notes another example of a woman who has a robot with enough intelligence to fly a spaceship, yet the robot's whole job is to brush the woman's teeth and hold the toothbrush in between.
Over-reliance on robotics is presented as a waste of intelligence and human potential.
Eventually he confined himself to a bed with a feeding tube, and demanded that his robots only enter the room as absolutely necessary in order to clean.
At all other times he was alone, interacting with the world through computer screens only.
In general they use robots to avoid all human conflict and with it all human contact of any sort.
It is her thesis that the superabundance of robotic labor has caused humans to become indolent and nearly incompetent at accomplishing even trivial tasks.
She also claims that robots themselves do not qualify as a very good successor to humanity given that their sole purpose is to serve humans.
Acculturation is the process of social, psychological, and cultural change that stems from blending between cultures.
The effects of acculturation can be seen at multiple levels in both the original (native) and newly adopted (host) cultures.
Historically speaking, acculturation is a direct change of one's culture through dominance over another's culture through either military or political conquest.
At this group level, acculturation often results in changes to culture, customs, religious practices, diet, healthcare, and other social institutions.
Some of the most noticeable group level effects of acculturation often include changes in food, clothing, and language.
At the individual level, the process of acculturation refers to the socialization process by which foreign-born individuals adopt the values, customs, norms, attitudes, and behaviors of the dominant host culture.
This process has been linked to changes in daily behavior, as well as numerous changes in psychological and physical well-being.
As enculturation is used to describe the process of first-culture learning, acculturation can be thought of as second-culture learning.
As it has been approached at different times from the fields of psychology, anthropology, and sociology, numerous theories and definitions have emerged to describe elements of the acculturative process.
Despite definitions and evidence that acculturation entails a two-way process of change, research and theory have primarily focused on the adjustments and adaptations made by minorities such as immigrants, refugees, and indigenous peoples in response to their contact with the dominant majority.
Contemporary research has primarily focused on different strategies of acculturation, how variations in acculturation affect individuals, and interventions to make this process easier.
These inscriptions laid out rules for commerce and interaction with foreigners designed to limit acculturation and protect traditional cultural practices.
Plato also discussed acculturation, arguing that it should be avoided, as he thought it would lead to social disorder.
One of the most notable forms of acculturation is imperialism, the most common predecessor of direct cultural change.
Although these cultural changes may seem simple, the combined results are both robust and complex, impacting both groups and individuals from the original culture and the host culture.
Kim's theory focused on the unitary nature of psychological and social processes and the reciprocal functional personal environment interdependence.
Although this view was the earliest to fuse micro-psychological and macro-social factors into an integrated theory, it is clearly focused on assimilation rather than racial or ethnic integration.
Again, this is not integration but rather dissolution of the newcomer's original identity.
To understand acculturation at the group level, one must first look at the nature of both cultures before coming into contact with one another.
According to this view, total assimilation would result in a monoculture void of personal identity, meaning, and communication.
Kramer's theory identifies three communication styles (idolic, symbolic, or signalic ) in order to explain cultural differences.
It is important to note that in this theory, no single mode of communication is inherently superior, and no final solution to intercultural conflict is suggested.
Idolic reality involves strong emotional identification, where a holy relic does not simply symbolize the sacred, it is sacred.
Lastly, the signalic modality is far less emotional and increasingly dissociated.
Kramer refers to changes in each culture due to acculturation as co-evolution.
Kramer also addresses what he calls the qualities of out vectors which address the nature in which the former and new cultures make contact.
Kramer uses the phrase "interaction potential" to refer to differences in individual or group acculturative processes.
For example, the process of acculturation is markedly different if one is entering the host as an immigrant or as a refugee.
Moreover, this idea encapsulates the importance of how receptive a host culture is to the newcomer, how easy is it for the newcomer to interact with and get to know the host, and how this interaction affects both the newcomer and the host.
The first dimension concerns the retention or rejection of an individual's minority or native culture (i.e.
Assimilation occurs when individuals adopt the cultural norms of a dominant or host culture, over their original culture.
Separation occurs when individuals reject the dominant or host culture in favor of preserving their culture of origin.
Integration occurs when individuals are able to adopt the cultural norms of the dominant or host culture while maintaining their culture of origin.
Marginalization occurs when individuals reject both their culture of origin and the dominant host culture.
Studies suggest that individuals' respective acculturation strategy can differ between their private and public life spheres.
For instance, an individual may reject the values and norms of the dominant culture in his private life (separation), whereas he might adapt to the dominant culture in public parts of his life (i.e., integration or assimilation).
In a melting pot society, in which a harmonious and homogenous culture is promoted, assimilation is the endorsed acculturation strategy.
In segregationist society, in which humans are separated into racial groups in daily life, a separation acculturation strategy is endorsed.
In a multiculturalist society, in which multiple cultures are accepted and appreciated, individuals are encouraged to adopt an integrationist approach to acculturation.
In societies where cultural exclusion is promoted, individuals often adopt marginalization strategies of acculturation.
Attitudes towards acculturation, and thus the range of acculturation strategies available, have not been consistent over time.
Immediate environment also impacts the availability, advantage, and selection of different acculturation strategies.
As individuals immigrate to unequal segments of society, immigrants to areas lower on economic and ethnic hierarchies may encounter limited social mobility and membership to a disadvantaged community.
In other words, immigrants that maintain their cultural practices and values are more likely to be discriminated against than those whom abandon their culture.
It should also be noted that most individuals show variation in both their ideal and chosen acculturation strategies across different domains of their lives.
For example, among immigrants, it is often easier and more desired to acculturate to their host society's attitudes towards politics and government, than it is to acculturate to new attitudes about religion, principles, and values.
The effects of acculturation on physical health is thought to be a major factor in the immigrant paradox, which argues that first generation immigrants tend to have better health outcomes than non-immigrants.
Although this term has been popularized, most of the academic literature supports the opposite conclusion, or that immigrants have poorer health outcomes than their host culture counterparts.
One prominent explanation for the negative health behaviors and outcomes (e.g.
Acculturative stress refers to the stress response of immigrants in response to their experiences of acculturation .
Stressors can include but are not limited to the pressures of learning a new language, maintaining one's native language, balancing differing cultural values, and brokering between native and host differences in acceptable social behaviors.
Acculturative stress can manifest in many ways, including but not limited to anxiety, depression, substance abuse, and other forms of mental and physical maladaptation.
Stress caused by acculturation has been heavily documented in phenomenological research on the acculturation of a large variety of immigrants.
One important distinction when it comes to risk for acculturative stress is degree of willingness, or migration status, which can differ greatly if one enters a country as a voluntary immigrant, refugee, asylum seeker, or sojourner.
Refugees: those who have been involuntarily displaced by persecution, war, or natural disasters.
Asylum seekers: those who willingly leave their native country to flea persecution or violence.
Sojourners: those who relocate to a new country on a time-limited bases and for a specific purpose.
It is important to note that this group fully intends to return to their native country.
This type of entry distinction is important, but acculturative stress can also vary significantly within and between ethnic groups.
However, some individuals also report "finding relief and protection in relationships" and "feeling worse and then feeling better about oneself with increased competencies" during the acculturative process.
Again, these differences can be attributed to the age of the immigrant, the manner in which an immigrant exited their home country, and how the immigrant is received by the both the original and host cultures.
These studies highlight the complexities of acculturative stress, the degree of variability in health outcomes, and the need for specificity over generalizations when discussing potential or actual health outcomes.
Researchers recently uncovered another layer of complications in this field, where survey data has either combined several ethnic groups together or has labeled an ethnic group incorrectly.
When these generalizations occur, nuances and subtleties about a person or group's experience of acculturation or acculturative stress can be diluted or lost.
Since this field of research is rapidly growing, more research is needed to better understand how certain subgroups are differentially impacted, how stereotypes and biases have influenced former research questions about acculturative stress, and the ways in which acculturative stress can be effectively mediated.
Cultural exchange can either occur naturally through extended contact, or more quickly though cultural appropriation or cultural imperialism.
Cultural appropriation is the adoption of some specific elements of one culture by members a different cultural group.
It can include the introduction of forms of dress or personal adornment, music and art, religion, language, or behavior.
These elements are typically imported into the existing culture, and may have wildly different meanings or lack the subtleties of their original cultural context.
Cultural imperialism is the practice of promoting the culture or language of one nation in another, usually occurring in situations in which assimilation is the dominant strategy of acculturation.
Cultural imperialism can take the form of an active, formal policy or a general attitude regarding cultural superiority.
Another common effect of acculturation on language is the formation of pidgin languages.
Pidgin is a mixed language that has developed to help communication between members of different cultures in contact, usually occurring in situations of trade or colonialism.
Research indicated that food habits are discreet and practiced privately, and change occurs slowly.
Consumption of new food items is affected by the availability of native ingredients, convenience and cost; therefore, an immediate change is likely to occur.
In these instances, the term transculturation is used to define individual foreign-origin acculturation, and occurs on a smaller scale with less visible impact.
Scholars making this distinction use the term "acculturation" only to address large-scale cultural transactions.
Acculturation, then, is the process by which migrants gain new information and insight about the normals and values of the culture and adapt their behaviors to the host culture.
An initial meta-analysis of the acculturation literature found these results to be unclear.
There are many factors that can explain the differences in these findings, including how different the two interacting cultures are, and degree of integration difficulty (bicultural identity integration).
These types of factors partially explain why general statements about approaches to acculturation are not sufficient in predicting successful adaptation.
As research in this area has expanded, one study has identified marginalization as being a maladaptive acculturation strategy.
Some common criticisms of such models include the fact that individuals don't often fall neatly into any of the four categories, and that there is very little evidence for the applied existence of the marginalization acculturation strategy.
There has been a recent influx of private schools varying in size.
Their fleet include articulated vehicles capable of transporting larger numbers of passengers at peak times.
There are over a hundred aircraft based at the airport.
The majority of the aircraft are privately owned but there are several commercial aircraft based here as well.
The club announced that it aims to increase its black membership and decided to pay caddies a basic salary.
The city has a civic center with a large theater that hosts regular events.
The motor retail sector is also very strong as many new vehicles are exported from here to neighboring countries.
There are several medium industries which support the agriculture and forestry sectors.
Major industries include the canning, juicing and extract of citrus fruit and other produce.
Fertile soils and the subtropical climate provide perfect conditions for the growing of citrus and tropical fruits, mainly mango, banana, avocado, papaya and macadamia nuts.
The low-lying areas in the region is dotted with sugarcane farms.
The region has many timber related industries such as lumber and saw mills as well as furniture, crate and carton manufacturing industries.
Due to the altitude, summers are not as hot as one might expect.
Summers are hot and somewhat humid, complete with high precipitation.
Winters in the city are dry, with relatively warm temperatures during the day and chilly temperatures at night.
This synthesis strategy is being evaluated as a creative and innovative approach for synthesis of not only nanoporous carbon, but also other nanoporous materials such as zeolites, polymers and metal oxides.
In this work, he proposed several innovative synthesis strategies in porous materials preparation.
In this approach, a surfactant chemically incorporating a zeolite structure-directing head group was used, which can generate zeolite micropores as well as mesoporous structures simultaneously in a single synthesis step.
The officers were in charge of the treatment of commoners and medicine.
Welcome to the harsh realities that dictate the rules of the criminal underworld.
Suddenly he is faced with a situation in which the key to survival lies in making contacts in the criminal underworld.
He was fired from his previous job as a corporate lawyer and, with the doors of the business world closed for him, he was forced to turn to defending criminals.
Unfortunately, he is not particularly good at what he does, and is completely fed up with his frustrating job and his clients.
Mattila realizes too late that there is no way out.
Little is known of the species, which may represent a species complex.
The fur is mostly dark olive with black and yellow ticking and fading to pale grey or whitish on the chest and underparts.
There are faint rings of buff-coloured fur around the eyes and distinct patches of buff fur on the backs of the ears.
They are omnivorous, feeding on a mixture of nuts, fruits, fungi, and insects.
There were a few vendors at the time, and it was not popular yet.
A choice of soy or dairy milk is poured onto the cold plate and mixed with fruit, green tea, coffee or other ingredients.
The mixture is chopped and stirred while crystallizing, until creamy.
The main ingredients are the liquid base flavour which is commonly milk, or soy milk.
Fresh fruit or other choices such as chocolate, green tea, or red beans are blended with the milk, while sometimes extract powder or syrups are used to create the flavour.
The ice cream masher uses two metal spatulas to mix and stir the mixture, which freezes and solidifies.
The masher will add and grind different toppings like nuts, chocolate chips, and fruits to increase the texture of the ice cream.
By continuously mixing and stirring in the cold pan, a scoop of stir-fried ice cream is created.
The film is about a street musician who loses his wife during childbirth and puts his baby daughter up for adoption, but comes to bitterly regret it.
Kam is known for his studies of decision fusion and distributed detection, which focus on computationally feasible fusion rules for multi-sensor systems.
His research interests include detection and estimation, decision fusion and distributed detection, robot navigation and data mining.
Her research focuses on combining economics and big data to solve social problems, spanning topics across education, retirement policy, household finance, marketing, competition, antitrust, and environmental regulation.
She has also advised state and federal agencies in matters related to antitrust, energy and environmental regulation.
After awarding three points for a win, two points for an overtime win and one point for an overtime loss the previous season, the league discontinued overtime and reverted to awarding two points for a win and one point for a draw.
The semi finals were home and away games with the winner on aggregate progressing to the one off final game.
All seven teams in the league were entered into the playoffs.
After an initial round where each team played all the other teams once the top four teams qualified for the finals weekend.
The eukaryotic proteasome recognizes degradable proteins, including damaged proteins for protein quality control purpose or key regulatory protein components for dynamic biological processes.
Concomitantly, the rings of alpha subunits form the entrance for substrates entering the proteolytic chamber.
This unique structure design prevents random encounter between proteolytic active sites and protein substrate, which makes protein degradation a well-regulated process.
Recently, more effort has been made to consider the proteasome for the development of novel diagnostic markers and strategies.
An improved and comprehensive understanding of the pathophysiology of the proteasome should lead to clinical applications in the future.
Protein ubiquitination and subsequent proteolysis and degradation by the proteasome are important mechanisms in the regulation of the cell cycle, cell growth and differentiation, gene transcription, signal transduction and apoptosis.
Subsequently, a compromised proteasome complex assembly and function lead to reduced proteolytic activities and the accumulation of damaged or misfolded protein species.
The new law maintained the status of illegality for using or possessing any drug for personal use without authorization.
However, the offense was changed from a criminal one, with prison a possible punishment, to an administrative one if the amount possessed was no more than a ten-day supply of that substance.
However, drug-related pathologies - such as sexually transmitted diseases and deaths due to drug usage - have decreased dramatically.
A vast expansion of harm reduction efforts, doubling the investment of public funds in drug treatment and drug prevention services, and changing the legal framework dealing with minor drug offenses were the main elements of the policy thrust.
All drug users can exchange used syringes at pharmacy counters across the country.
This centre consisted of a consultation service, a day centre and a patient detoxification unit.
The public services provided are free of charge and accessible to all drug users who seek treatment.
All three programmes finance different initiatives and projects supporting drug users through training opportunities, employment support, and/or housing.
National routine statistics from outpatient centres on substitution clients are available (for clients in methadone and buprenorphine programmes).
The offense was changed from a criminal one, with prison a possible punishment, to an administrative one if the amount possessed was no more than a ten-day supply of that substance.
Drug addicts were then to be aggressively targeted with therapy or community service rather than fines or waivers.
The dissuasion commission have powers comparable to an arbitration committee, but restricted to cases involving drug use or possession of small amounts of drugs.
The committees have a broad range of sanctions available to them when ruling on the drug use offence.
Suspension of the right to practice if the user has a licensed profession (e.g.
Cessation of subsidies or allowances that a person receives from a public agency.
If the person is addicted to drugs, they may be admitted to a drug rehabilitation facility or be given community service, if the dissuasion committee finds that this better serves the purpose of keeping the offender out of trouble.
The committee cannot mandate compulsory treatment, although its orientation is to induce addicts to enter and remain in treatment.
The committee has the explicit power to suspend sanctions conditional upon voluntary entry into treatment.
If the offender is not addicted to drugs, or unwilling to submit to treatment or community service, he or she may be given a fine.
Thorough studies on how the various efforts have been implemented were not conducted.
Thus, a causal effect between strategy efforts and these developments cannot be firmly established.
However, this may be accounted for by improvement in measurement practices, which includes a doubling of toxicological autopsies now being performed, meaning that more drugs related deaths are likely to be recorded.
One can be sent to a dissuasion committee and have a talk or must pay a fee.
However, an unknown number of enthusiasts of small-scale home-cultivation grow the plants with a high degree of secrecy due to the legal punishment they could face if prosecuted, and due to potential social stigma as well.
The provision of seeds and tools to produce and consume cannabis is also illegal in the country.
Production and distribution of hemp products is legal but regulated.
The wife of the married knight enters into a secret relationship with the other knight, but their contact is limited to conversation and the exchange of small gifts, since a "high wall made of dark stone" separates the two households.
Typically, the lady rises at night, once her husband is asleep, and goes to the window to converse with her lover; whenever her lover is home, she is kept under close watch.
Her suspicious husband demands to know why she spends her nights at the window, and she says she does so to listen to the nightingale sing.
He mocks her, and orders his servants to capture the nightingale.
When it is caught he brings it to the lady's chambers, denying her requests to release the bird.
Instead, he breaks its neck and throws it at her, "bloodying the front of her tunic just a bit above her breasts".
After he leaves, the lady mourns the bird's death and the suffering she must accept, knowing she can no longer be at the window at night.
She wraps the nightingale's body in silk, and embroidered with writing in gold thread, and charges her servant to deliver the bird and her message to her lover, who, in response, preserves the nightingale in a reliquary, a small vessel which he has encased with small jewels and precious stones, and carries it with him always.
She argues that the nightingale serves as a metaphor which constitutes a means for the lovers to communicate one last time; initially a metaphor, the nightingale becomes a narrative commentary of the events which have transpired.
Marie as the artist serves to preserve the story of the two lovers through the act of writing, just as the servant is entrusted with the lady's message and enwrapped nightingale.
Baristas generally operate a commercial espresso machine, and their role is preparing and pulling the shot; the degree to which this is automated or done manually varies significantly, ranging from push-button operation to an involved manual process.
Espresso is a notoriously finicky beverage, and good manual espresso making is considered a skilled task.
Further, preparation of other beverages, particularly milk-based drinks such as cappuccinos and lattes, but also non-espresso coffee such as drip or press pot, requires additional work and skill for effective frothing, pouring and most often latte art.
The barista usually has been trained to operate the machine and to prepare the coffee based on the guidelines of the roaster or shop owner, while more experienced baristas may have discretion to vary preparation or experiment.
To make the coffee well, there is a series of steps needing attention, including grinding the beans, extracting the coffee, frothing the milk and pouring.
Beyond the preparation of espresso and other beverages and general customer service, skilled baristas acquire knowledge of the entire process of coffee to effectively prepare a desired cup of coffee, including maintenance and programming of the machine, grinding methods, roasting, and coffee plant cultivation, similar to how a sommelier is familiar with the entire process of wine making and consumption.
A barista can acquire these skills by attending training classes, but they are more commonly learned on the job.
These competitions focus on promoting and having people engage in the world of coffee preparation.
Preparation is also a very important part of these competitions and it can be most applied in the signature drinks portion of the competition.
The school has also been accused of showing racism towards its pupils.
He continued to work on the show as a writer and story editor through the show's second season, for which he wrote four episodes, including the series finale.
It excluded two of the songs from the original album.
The only design difference is that the text cylinder at the bottom was turned white.
You can see the black one on the original album above.
The site has a rich faunal assemblage and the woodland and associated stretch of the river is home to a variety of birds, including dipper and goosander.
External debt (or foreign debt) is the total debt a country owes to foreign creditors, complemented by internal debt owed to domestic lenders.
The debtors can be the government, corporations or citizens of that country.
All other payments of economic value by the debtor to the creditor that reduce the principal amount outstanding are known as principal payments.
However, the definition of external debt does not distinguish between principal payments or interest payments, or payments for both.
Also, the definition does not specify that the timing of the future payments of principal and/or interest need be known for a liability to be classified as debt.
These are defined as arrangements under which one or more conditions must be fulfilled before a financial transaction takes place.
However, from the viewpoint of understanding vulnerability, there is analytical interest in the potential impact of contingent liabilities on an economy and on particular institutional sectors, such as the government.
External-debt-sustainability analysis is generally conducted in the context of medium-term scenarios.
These scenarios are numerical evaluations that take account of expectations of the behavior of economic variables and other factors to determine the conditions under which debt and other indicators would stabilize at reasonable levels, the major risks to the economy, and the need and scope for policy adjustment.
In these analyses, macroeconomic uncertainties, such as the outlook for the current account, and policy uncertainties, such as for fiscal policy, tend to dominate the medium-term outlook.
High external debt is believed to be harmful for the economy.
While each has its own advantage and peculiarity to deal with particular situations, there is no unanimous opinion amongst economists as to a sole indicator.
A second set of indicators focuses on the short-term liquidity requirements of the country with respect to its debt service obligations.
These indicators are not only useful early-warning signs of debt service problems, but also highlight the impact of the inter-temporal trade-offs arising from past borrowing decisions.
The dynamic ratios show how the debt-burden ratios would change in the absence of repayments or new disbursements, indicating the stability of the debt burden.
She is most remembered for her determination and skill during the times of conflict and expansion.
She was also a leader in the field of education of young females.
It takes some sense of routine to be able to make such an offer.
She took up athletics in her sophomore year at high school, mostly as a way to make friends.
It contains no central fireplaces and is believed to have had cast-iron coal stoves for its heating.
It is run entirely by volunteers and welcomes new volunteers every new growing season.
It is now owned by the town, and serves as a community gardening facility.
For example, the new mascot was not always coloured black.
Cheatgrass is prevalent over large areas burned by range fires.
The remains of an aragonite mining camp can also be found in the foothills.
This artificial water supply benefits other wildlife species such as pronghorn antelope.
She wrote works for various combinations of winds and or strings and piano.
In addition to chamber music and works for solo piano, she wrote two overtures and three symphonies.
Another factor here is the public, as a rule not a very knowledgeable one, whose only standard for measuring the quality of a work is the name of its author.
Her works were recognized by the savants and connoisseurs of the time as first rate, but this was not enough to gain her any lasting fame as a composer.
It is best known for its football department, but other departments include badminton, handball and athletics.
Wolfsburg, lost for the fourth time in five matches under him and they finally slipped into the relegation places.
The two teams mentioned the future possibility of international friendlies.
Whether it can be associated with any cycle is unclear.
Picander probably wrote the librettos, as well for the original composition as for the parody.
Also, while it can be used as a text encoding, it can be difficult to handle internally.
Draper applied liquid light effects without abandoning form and used mainly warm colors.
The rays of the setting sun on distant cliffs emphasize the transience of time.
The image of a "winged creature" is likely utilized to create a more symbolic, romantic and elegant appearance.
Pearce was on leave at the time and had concluded a divorce and was experiencing custody problems.
Individual decision stumps are weighted according to their ability to classify the data.
Alternating decision trees introduce structure to the set of hypotheses by requiring that they build off a hypothesis that was produced in an earlier iteration.
Another important feature of boosted algorithms is that the data is given a different distribution at each iteration.
Instances that are misclassified are given a larger weight while accurately classified instances are given reduced weight.
The following table contains part of the information for a single instance.
The instance is scored by summing all of the prediction nodes through which it passes.
The magnitude of the value is a measure of confidence in the prediction.
Care must be taken when interpreting individual nodes as the scores reflect a re weighting of the data in each iteration.
A single rule consists of a precondition, a condition, and two scores.
Typically, equivalent accuracy can be achieved with a much simpler tree structure than recursive partitioning algorithms.
The series often discards realism in favor of comedic effect.
However, the manga has received some criticism, mostly centered on some of the jokes and repetitive plot.
He remains oblivious to her interest, instead seeking fulfillment by indulging in curry.
Harima complicates the love triangle through constant bumbling, and misunderstandings among the students aggravate the situation.
After the hero saves the heroine, she always falls in love with him.
As the story progresses, more major characters are introduced into the relationship web.
At this point most of the plot-lines are settled, but there is no clear resolution for the main protagonists.
He claims that none of his stories are based on real-life events, although when pressed admits the possibility of some resemblances but without divulging specific details.
Kobayashi would then draw the basic illustrations for each chapter before passing his material to assistants to finish.
Negotiations and preparation took some time, but he claims to be happy with the end result.
He cites the fishing episode, for which he supplied the voice acting for several minor parts, as his favorite.
Kobayashi allowed the voice actors who voiced his characters significant freedom to interpret them as they chose.
The grand prize included a new computer with software for developing anime and manga.
As a guide to the contents of each chapter, musical notations were added before the chapter number.
After glancing through the first volume, he was surprised to find his assumption wrong, and concluded that it was appropriately named.
The play's climax, however, confused her more than it amused her.
On the other hand, he criticizes various aspects of the artwork and, by volume seven, laments the staleness of recycled jokes.
Despite volume nine's strong start, by its end he relates that, although there were some funny moments, he had become weary of its repetitive plot.
Kimlinger found the later volumes better and more entertaining, although not always during the romantic moments.
Yet it manages to infuse it with a great deal of fun and humor even if it is familiar.
There's a certain energy here that works in the shows  [sic] favor as well as bringing in some different elements in terms of the characters.
It also doesn't hurt that several of the characters really are quite dim which is a nice contrast from the usual kind of leads.
Beveridge cautioned that because the anime was designed around the non-linear format of the manga, its transitions might at first be troublesome for the viewer, but by the final volume finds the anime in all its aspects far superior.
A fan of the subgenre, she praises the anime it for its surreal humour, and for being "anime newbie friendly" in that its jokes work on multiple levels.
However, it did make him want to watch more of the television series, thus serving its intended purpose in keeping interest in the series alive.
While she noted lulls in the action, she believes fans will be able to overlook this.
She complimented it for focusing more on the other students and their relationships than on the main love triangle.
During summer months, tours of the dredge and gold panning are available for a small fee.
The temple are surrounded with the giant trees which provides the sweet and blessy shade.
Her artwork includes live performances as well as films that explore beauty, gender, body politics, and perception.
In recent years her photographic and film work has been exhibited in galleries and museums internationally.
More recently, her large landscapes raise existential questions of past and present, the merits of the modern world and the meaning of painting.
Her works explore basic existential themes of evil, past and present, the merits of the modern world and the meaning of painting.
Her family moved to the midwest where she was educated and permanently scarred by dour nuns.
Leach's passion for his music combined with his emotional struggles of the time made him unable to exercise control over his screaming.
He would blow his voice out after a few shows and struggled with the rest of the tour.
Leach also began suffering from a mild depression which grew worse as the tour continued.
His depression led him to resign from the band and drop out of the public eye for some time.
Leach wrote an email to the band explaining why he left.
Seemless is currently writing new songs and playing out occasionally.
Anyway, so it's more just about like getting revenge against corrupt motherfuckers and shit like that.
Maybe we'd tweak a word or take a word out or take a couple words out or take some lines out.
It consisted of logs set upright on end in an oval.
Port holes were cut out at short distances around the stockade to allow men to shoot through them at anyone attacking the stockade.
A heavy gate was placed at the southeast corner of the stockade.
His father died early, and poverty hindered his timely formal education.
However, flunking in the mathematics examination, he abandoned his formal education at the end of the first year in college, and took up teaching to support himself while pursuing his keen literary interests.
Gadkari was bitterly disappointed when he realized that marital bliss that he was seeking was not going to come his way.
Literary critics have judged all of his works to be of very high caliber.
The theatre has been hosting different plays and cultural programmes since.
But, it seems that the plan to develop new vehicle is put on hold due to budgetary cuts.
The requirement for artillery guns to be met with indigenous development and production.
Fanny inherited most of her father's possessions, but was forced to sell most of them to creditors.
Josiah had connections with the political elite of the island, and was probably fairly wealthy.
Pinney's wife was so surprised that she set her headdress alight on a nearby candle.
Another midshipman reported that though she had 'some beauty, and a freshness of countenance not common in that climate', her intellect was distinctly unremarkable.
Her husband's achievements were a source of pride, but also worry to her.
She wrote him a letter begging him not to repeat such antics, and to leave them to captains, now that he had been promoted to rear-admiral.
It is similar in concept to the fission-fragment rocket in that the fission by-products are directly harnessed as working mass, and differs primarily in the way that the fragments are used for thrust.
In the fission sail, the "rocket" is built in the form of a two-layer sheet, with some sort of absorber on one side, and nuclear fuel on the other.
Atoms in the fuel that decay will release their fragments in random, but opposite, directions.
In the simple case where the decay releases the fragments "front" and "rear", the rearward moving fragment generates thrust directly, while the frontward moving one is absorbed in the front half of the sail, also contributing thrust.
The system must be built very large in order to ensure that those fragments that are not moving directly to the front of rear nevertheless tend to hit the sail somewhere.
A sail several kilometers on a side would have fairly good "capture ratios".
The sail is not a nuclear reactor, and relies on natural decay rates for energy release.
The thrust from such a system will always be very low, albeit extremely efficient.
Another problem is that the sail receives the energy equally over the entire sail surface, and thus can't be steered.
This differs from a solar sail, where tilting the sail to the sunlight can produce a sideways thrust for steering.
Forward proposed the system as an "add on" to existing solar sails.
Forward suggested that coating the sail with fissionable material would provide thrust in this region, where maneuvering is no longer as important.
Such a system would accelerate and maneuver based on solar energy for the start of its flight, and then continue to accelerate at a lower rate for long periods of time.
She is regularly quoted on trends, beauty tips and advice.
The inflorescence is made up of one to seven tiny flowers atop each stem.
It included one of the first studies of binocular vision.
For centuries, artists and architects had sought formal laws of projection to place objects on a screen.
Aguilon was the first to use the term horopter, which is the line drawn through the focal point of both eyes and parallel to the line between the eyes.
In other words, it describes how only objects on the horopter are seen in their true location.
He then built an instrument to measure the spacing of double images in the horopter as he saw fit.
The report recommended the establishment of effective zoning laws to prevent the erection of schools, hospitals and other places of assembly under final approach paths.
It is used primarily in discussions relating to the guns versus butter theory.
The existence of a peace dividend in real economies is still debated, but some research points to its reality.
Military barracks and storehouses surrounded the plaza, the ruins of which stand today.
Currently, the plaza is an open green area surrounded by trees.
Keeping with the tradition of the past few years, the race started off with a team time trial.
The primary classification was the general classification, which was calculated by adding each rider's finishing times on each stage.
Time bonuses were awarded at the end of every stage apart from the two individual time trials.
The rider with the lowest cumulative time was the leader of the general classification, and wears the red jersey.
Riders received points for finishing among the highest placed in a stage finish, or in intermediate sprints during the stage.
The points available for each stage finish were determined by the stage's type.
Points were awarded to the riders that reached the summit of the most difficult climbs first.
The climbs were categorized, in order of increasing difficulty, third-, second-, and first- and special-category.
The leader wore a white jersey with blue polka dots.
The final of the individual classifications was the combination classification.
A rider's ranking in the combination classification was determined by tallying up his positions in the general, points, and mountains classifications.
If no rider was classified in all three classifications, riders classified in two would have been considered, and if that was tied the general classification will decide the winner.
After each stage, the times of the three highest finishers of each team are added together.
The victory was awarded to the team with the lowest cumulative time at the end of the event.
In addition, there were two individual awards: the combativity award and the young rider award.
The daily winner wore a green number bib the following stage.
The holders of the four individual classifications benefited on each stage they led.
That said, there's a liberal sprinkling of duff notes to be found among the party anthems.
Pipkin spelled that word correctly followed by "sarcophagus" for the win.
Product line consists of baby powder, shampoos, body lotions, massage oil, shower gels and baby wipes.
The mothers liked it so much, the company started to sell it in drugstores.
Prior to this, there was no such product available to purchase.
Targeting this particular use involved a real soap breakthrough, however, with the company introducing amphoteric cleansing agents to consumer use.
Though these agents are not as effective as traditional soaps, they are extremely mild, which makes them quite literally easy on the eyes and perfect for a baby's sensitive but presumably not-too-dirty skin.
It has been concluded that "bathing is generally superior to washing, provided basic safety procedures are followed, and has psychological benefits for the infant and parents".
Research showed that using baby lotion is effective for maintaining favorable moisture levels in baby skin (in comparison to not using baby lotion).
At that time a guide mistakingly told them the name of place as the mountain where they were, and thus the name has been stuck.
Riley was a versatile athlete in college, participating in both basketball and football.
The bay once had an inn which was frequented by smugglers and pirates.
The cliffs in the area are said to contain many secret passages and tunnels which they used.
On winter nights under a full moon his cries can reputedly be heard in the wind.
There is also a cave nearby which has an arched roof known as the "bow of destiny" which is visited by couples who throw pebbles; however many attempts it takes to strike the rock is taken as the number of years they should wait to marry.
When viewed through a light microscope, it often resembles a question mark, and this gives the species its name.
L. interrogans is difficult to culture, requiring special media and extended incubation periods.
L. interrogans infects wild and domestic animals, including pet dogs.
L. interrogans is usually transmitted to humans through contact with infected animal urine, either directly or in water.
It invades directly through broken skin and can replicate in the liver and kidneys.
Risk factors for infection include working in sewers, farming, and recreational water activities.
The revolt that followed the drought resulted in the killings and persecution of those who organized the uprising, but also many innocent civilians.
It is the eleventh and final song on the album.
Trade along these two arteries are focused on trendy and upmarket shopping, restaurants, nightclubs and cafe culture.
The nightclub was particularly notorious for criminal activity and was finally shut down.
Each season the holder of the trophy would play the winner of a semi-final between the other two teams.
If the final was drawn, the trophy stayed with the defending side.
A few years later, it shifted from rock to gospel.
The agency follows national goals such as sustainability, high-quality, efficient, reliable and competitive national infrastructure.
The roof is made of red tile, and walls flanking the entry are made of rough sandstone.
On her tenth birthday, however, she announced that she had decided to be a girl after all.
Teugels was kicked in the nose and was unable to continue as a result.
The fight has been repeatedly postponed, with many critics doubting it will occur, especially due to the difficulty of booking the venue.
Attempts at drug rehabilitation were unsuccessful, and he resorted to resolve his addiction via quitting cold turkey and exercise.
There is also a cultural march past of women and girls in traditional attire, after which people are treated to performances by traditional dancers.
On the following morning, the drum is sounded and animals are taken to the river, where cattle is displayed in the traditional manner.
The first cattle to cross the river will be those of the custodian of the shrine.
This is followed by a demonstration of a mock lion hunt and pelican fishing.
Celebrations continue in the village with pit-stops for traditional beer at different places.
This work caused him to travel and spend a lot of time away from home and his family.
Turner also continued to act as an instructor for employers and at times operating his own pilot school.
Turner immediately banked steeply to return to the field for an emergency landing.
The two passengers opened the side compartment door and jumped from the plane before it had come to a stop.
Turner opened the top hatch to leave the cockpit but the flames prevented him making his escape.
He then opened the cockpit side door and jumped, spraining his ankle due to the height of the jump.
He ran to get his passengers out, finding they had made their escape he entered the passenger compartment and grabbed the sacks of mail.
The three men escaped with their lives and were transported to the hospital.
Turner left the hospital immediately after burns on his hands were treated.
Brock had abrasions on his hands and burns on his neck.
Staulter was treated for burns on the face and hands and dislocated shoulder.
All seven of the pilots saved the mail in hazardous landings.
The heat in the cabin was so intense and passengers leaped from the plane immediately after it was so intense and passengers leaped from the plane immediately after landed and before it came to a stop.
He attempted to make an exit from the top door of the cockpit but was prevented from doing so by flames.
Although the wings were burning he jumped through the side door of the cockpit.
His hands, forehead and ears were burned and his ankle sprained from the jump.
He immediately turned his attention to the passengers until he saw that they had jumped.
We was the center of a frenzied whirlwind of gloves, ripping smashes to each other's bodies which you could hear all over the house, and socks to each other's heads that spattered blood all over the ring.
Every blow packed dynamite and had the killer's lust behind it.
The club owner does not believe the ruse but has no other option.
The fight goes ahead, although the crowd is unconvinced as well.
Costigan grabs the contract, the only proof of the bet, and begins to eat it.
When it was available the aircraft was supplied as a kit or in the form of plans for amateur construction.
The aircraft is made from a mix of steel and aluminum, covered in doped aircraft fabric.
A partisan is a member of an irregular military force formed to oppose control of an area by a foreign power or by an army of occupation by some kind of insurgent activity.
The initial concept of partisan warfare involved the use of troops raised from the local population in a war zone (or in some cases regular forces) who would operate behind enemy lines to disrupt communications, seize posts or villages as forward-operating bases, ambush convoys, impose war taxes or contributions, raid logistical stockpiles, and compel enemy forces to disperse and protect their base of operations.
Mosby-style fighters would have been legally considered uniformed members of their state's armed forces.
Violence was accepted as a political tool against foreign as well as domestic enemies of their cause, which was to be achieved by a national revolution led by a dictatorship that would drive out the occupying powers and set up a government representing all regions and social groups.
The organization began as a resistance group and developed into a guerrilla army.
In some areas partisan kolkhozes raised crops and livestock to produce food.
However this was not usually the case and partisans also requisitioned supplies from the local populace, sometimes involuntarily.
At the end of the war no foreign troops were stationed on its soil.
An olfactometer is an instrument used to detect and measure odor dilution.
Olfactometers are used in conjunction with human subjects in laboratory settings, most often in market research, to quantify and qualify human olfaction.
Olfactometers are used to gauge the odor detection threshold of substances.
To measure intensity, olfactometers introduce an odorous gas as a baseline against which other odors are compared.
Many scientists use the term "olfactometer" to refer to a device used to study insect behavior in presence of an olfactory stimulus.
This is why this device is also called dual choice olfactometer.
Alternatively, an olfactometer is a device used for producing aromas in a precise and controlled manner.
For the length of the stimulus pulse the continuous air flow is replaced by a bloc of odorized air.
Analyses performed by olfactometers are often used in site diagnostics (multiple odor sources) performed with the goal of establishing odor management plans.
To be classified as a field olfactometer the device must be able to provide accurate and controlled dilution of the ambient air with odorless air and present the diluted sample to the panelist at controlled and positive air flow.
This includes the ability to control the kinetic energy of atoms to create, generate, control, absorb, and manipulate plants.
Characters who have vast powers (such as access to magical spells or advanced technology) who are in theory capable of this superhuman feature or ability, but have not necessarily provided an example of doing this or have not made regular use of this ability are not listed here.
For example, the party created unemployed clubs and focused on labour organizing.
Ryerson's leadership came at a time when the party was shifting its approach much more towards the united front.
The league consisted of squatters occupying homes that veterans can not afford, or unoccupied, for their return.
While the offer was unanswered, the steps were nevertheless useful.
Sentencing disparity is defined as "a form of unequal treatment that is often of unexplained cause and is at least incongruous, unfair and disadvantaging in consequence".
The verbified form of such unequal treatment may be termed wrist slap, and alternative forms such as wristslap and wrist-slap.
As an adjective, such a justice system may be described as being two-tiered or hybrid, both usually with negative connotations.
Lawyers who uphold such unfair principles within the legal system are sometimes designated with pejorative terms such as double standardist.
Instances wherein women or cases have been perceived as upholding a gender disparity in sentencing have at times been labelled with derogatory terms such as pussy pass.
This is a major problem because two judges could be faced with a similar case and one could order a very harsh sentence while another would give a much lesser sentence.
The study found that "blacks and males are... less likely to get no prison term when that option is available; less likely to receive downward departures [from the guidelines]; and more likely to receive upward adjustments and, conditioned on having a downward departure, receive smaller reductions than whites and females".
Fluids are completely dynamic, which means the effect is not repeated and thus allowing different effects each time.
Llywelyn supported his uncle in the savage fighting that followed.
Llywelyn was also finding it difficult to raise the annual sums required under the terms of this treaty, and ceased making payments.
The exact circumstances are unclear and there are two conflicting accounts of his death.
Llywelyn turned to rejoin his forces and was pursued by a lone lancer who struck him down.
As he lay dying, he asked for a priest and gave away his identity.
He was then killed and his head hewn from his body.
His person was searched and various items recovered, including a list of "conspirators", (which may well have been faked), and his privy seal.
He was dragged through the streets, hanged, drawn and quartered.
She missed a pair of three-point shots in the clutch that would have tied the game for her team.
After the hurricane only freight trains with the occasional fan trips on chartered passenger trains ran over the track southbound.
The students had fires, wore masks, and beat drums until early in the morning.
The students claimed the officers had no jurisdiction in the tunnel.
A fight broke out between one of the security officers and a student who refused to stop drumming.
The police were called, and by the time they had arrived the party had grown even larger.
The police tried to break up the party with tear gas, but the students responded by throwing rocks and bricks.
The police finally broke up the party by forming a riot line, and surrounding the students.
The following day the police claimed that they had found "satanic rituals", and the tunnel was soon covered with corrugated steel, with small doors at either end.
The plan would include a bus or tram running across the bridge and through the tunnel to bring people downtown.
He also was employed for many years by the admiralty in engraving charts.
Shum's experiments reveal that the plants can act as witnesses in the murder case, and sets up a re-enactment of the crime in the forest, where the plants will act as lie detectors.
It now functions in a strip of shops in the hotel's parking lot.
Since the last change the up direction is now completely intuitive.
In between the two station platforms are the sidings and yard used for storing the railway's stock.
Four of the conventional compartments were removed and replaced by two comfortable lounges, each seating ten passengers.
During his student life, he took keen interest in physical culture.
Priyanth became an expert in the pyramid and juggling acts.
He was also expert in the parallel and horizontal bars and horse riding.
He not only became a good gymnast, he became a very good instructor as well.
Priyanth was more interested in gymnastics and physical culture than his studies.
Though he took admission at the art school, he never took it seriously.
However, it became difficult for him to attend all of them as an instructor.
When he established the akhada in his own village, the village elders did not like it.
Priyanath was not satisfied with training his pupils only in physical culture.
He made them to clear the bushes, repair the roads, cremate the dead and do similar social work.
Priyanth used to save his pocket money and take additional money from his mother and traveled to the villages and trained his pupils.
He had three rules for his pupil at the akhadas.
Secondly, the pupils must not have any addition to paan, smoking or snuff.
Thirdly, the pupils were not permitted to have fashionable haircuts.
He would prepare sketches of the performing artistes at their various poses and bribe the circus workers to let him have access to their equipment, after the show.
He would prepare sketches of the equipment and take their measurements.
He would prepare similar equipment and train his pupils with them.
His boys captured it and brought it to the akhada.
However, setting up a circus required a lot of investment.
Not only he refused to fund a single penny, he tried his best to wean him away.
Priyanath fumed at his father's action and resolved to pursue his goal of setting up a circus, in spite of opposition from his family.
He began to arrange the minimum capital on his own.
He also borrowed some money from the womenfolk of his family and a few other sources.
During this time, he did not have tent, gallery or menagerie.
Many of the zamindars gifted them equipment and horses to the circus in addition to the stipulated payment.
Some of them gifted tigers and elephants to the circus.
He would devour rags, raw meat, nails, broken glass and brick bats.
Not just men, but there were women performers in the circus act as well.
These inequalities in political representation led to calls for reform.
Taylor continued to edit the newspaper which was published by law only once a week until his death.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and rivers.
The city has remained more or less divided since under different political organizations.
However, the two halves share a common religious and social tradition which binds the city as a whole.
These festivals are sponsored by a complicated rotation of share duties, carried out by "mayordomos" whose time and money brings them prestige in the community.
There are events related to the last all over the city, but the main focus is on the pyramid.
Each has a church dedicated to its patron saint and some have more than one.
The night before such a feast day, the church is decorated with lamps and then fireworks are set off to announce the event.
After this mass, food is offered to all in attendance.
The outlying communities have a number of festivals as well.
He was noted for his calm and composed demeanor late in games, having been described by the coaching staff as "solemn but normal".
It is able to be distinguished from other bindweeds by its foliage having divided side lobes.
The red headed winger's speed would be one of his greatest assets throughout his career.
Whilst he was at home with his family he took the opportunity to get married.
Each individual candy piece consists of an outer white coating (this is the same for most flavors) and a colored, flavored interior.
Product could also be processed in facilities with dairy products.
As the main ingredients are glycogen and palm kernel oil, it is relatively simple to remove if it becomes stuck on clothing.
By applying a warm, wet towel, the candy will soften and wash off.
He was immediately put in charge of strength and conditioning and was also given recruiting duties as well.
In sociology, an ethnic enclave is a geographic area with high ethnic concentration, characteristic cultural identity, and economic activity.
The term is usually used to refer to either a residential area or a workspace with a high concentration of ethnic firms.
Their success and growth depends on self-sufficiency, and is coupled with economic prosperity.
The theory of social capital and the formation of migrant networks creates the social foundation for ethnic enclaves.
Immigrants can capitalize on social interactions by transforming information into tangible resources, and thereby lower costs of migration.
Thus by stimulating social connections, ethnic enclaves generate a pool of intangible resources that help to promote the social and economic development of its members.
By providing a space for co-ethnics to create potentially beneficial relations, ethnic enclaves assist members in achieving economic mobility.
Enclaves create an alternative labor market that is ethnic-specific and does not demand social and cultural skills of the host country.
By eliminating language and cultural barriers, enclave economies employ a greater proportion of co-ethnics and speed the incorporation of new immigrants into a bustling economy.
By increasing employment opportunities and facilitating upward mobility, studying ethnic enclaves helps to explain the success of some immigrant groups.
Additionally, while the ethnic enclave theory was developed to explain immigrant incorporation into the receiving society, it has also been linked to migration processes at large as successful incorporation of immigrants has the potential to lower migration costs for future immigrants, an example of chain migration.
Despite their immediate benefits, the long-term implications of participation in an ethnic enclave are a topic of debate.
Enclave economies have been linked to a glass ceiling limiting immigrant growth and upward mobility.
While participation in the enclave economy may assist in achieving upward mobility through increased availability of employment opportunities in the enclave labor market, it may also impede acquisition of host country skills that benefit the immigrant over the long-run.
Latency in learning the language and social norms of the receiving country constrains immigrants to activity within the enclave and secludes them from the larger receiving context.
Opportunities available to mainstream society can thus be out of reach for immigrants who lack both the knowledge of these services and the ability to access them.
Thus, the accelerated path toward economic mobility that lures new immigrants into enclave economies pose a challenge to potential success.
Integration into an ethnic enclave may delay and even halt assimilation to the host society, preventing the immigrants from benefiting from mainstream institutions.
The lack of access to economic capital and of knowledge regarding residential neighborhoods can constrain newly arrived immigrants to regions of affordable housing.
Social dynamics such as prejudice and racism may concentrate co-ethnics into regions displaying ethnic similarity.
Housing discrimination may also prevent ethnic minorities from settling into a particular residential area outside the enclave.
When discussing the ethnic enclave as defined by a spatial cluster of businesses, success and growth can be largely predicted by three factors.
Successful enclaves can reach a point where they become self-sufficient, or "institutionally complete" through the supply of new immigrants and demand of goods offered in the market.
They only reach this point after first supplying for the needs of co-ethnics and then expanding to meet needs of those in the larger market of the host society.
The collection of small immigrant enterprises providing employment to new immigrants was defined as the enclave economy.
While never empirically defined, the term "ethnic enclave" began to be widely used to represent two distinct definitions: that of an enclave economy and that of a residential area of high co-ethnic concentration.
The most fundamental concept within the enclave hypothesis is that of social capital, which lays the foundation for the establishment of migrant networks and the advantages associated with them.
New immigrants unintentionally lower costs for future immigration of co-ethnics by pooling together resources for themselves.
Thus, by achieving mobility in the receiving country themselves, immigrants create a social structure that makes it easier for future immigrants to become upwardly mobile.
Ethnic enclaves thus contribute to continued immigration by providing co-ethnics with a space to make connections that ultimately lower migration costs and promote economic mobility.
Many worn path taken by former immigrants are made accessible to enclave members, making immigration easier to future generations.
By generating further immigration, migration leads to its own cumulative causation over time.
Sociologists have concluded that these factors do not suffice in explaining the integration and success of immigrants measured by occupational mobility and earnings.
Many factors influence the level of ease or challenge experienced by immigrants as they make the transition and undergo physical, social, and psychological challenges.
Friends and family, making up a kinship network, who are willing to help the newcomers can be classified as a type of capital commonly referred to as social capital.
Upon arrival, many immigrants have limited or no access to human capital and thus rely heavily on any available source of social capital.
The cost to immigration is large, however this burden can be shared and thus eased through an immigrant's access to social capital in the receiving country.
Kinship networks in the receiving country can provide aid not only for the physical and economic needs of immigrants, but also for their emotional and socio-psychological needs.
Because social capital is rooted in relationships it easily lends itself to conflict and disagreement between parties.
The level of economic stability on the side of the receiving party can dictate the level of aid they are willing or able to offer.
In addition, the economic condition of the country and the availability of jobs open to the immigrants can largely affect the quality of the support network available to the migrant.
If the receiving country provides favorable conditions such as access to social programs, the local economy, and employment opportunities, the network is likely to be of much higher quality.
Adversely, kinship networks may break down if much stress is placed on the relationships involved due to economic hardships.
The duration and intensity of aid needed can dictate the quality of the kinship network available to the immigrant.
Immigrant ideas regarding level of support to be received are often high and left unmet if true economic conditions do not allow for favorable network conditions.
A variety of factors can influence individuals' ethnic identities including their social class background and the social networks available to them.
This is important to note as second-generation immigrants must actively work to identify themselves with their ethnic group.
Within enclave networks, social capital commonly exists both as a private and public good.
Though there is some debate in relation to the long-term benefits offered by these networks, the short-term benefits are universally acknowledged.
The socio-psychological challenges faced by the immigrant can be largely reduced through the individual's entrance into an ethnic enclave.
Ethnic enclaves can resemble the immigrant's place of origin through physical look, layout, and language employed both written and orally.
In addition to increasing the cultural comfort of the migrant, healthy ethnic enclaves offer solidarity and trust among members, and informal training systems within the workplace.
The geographic proximity of the enclave network allows for easy flow of knowledge and varying types of assistance between firms as well.
Where there is an atmosphere of trust in ethnic enclaves, this transfer of knowledge and sharing of social capital exists as an asset to the firms.
Connections with members in an enclave may also afford the newcomer work opportunities.
Immigrants may also receive informal training regarding the customs and practices of the larger culture outside the enclave and help navigating challenges in many areas of everyday life.
Social hostility may be a challenge faced by immigrants in their host society, therefore to avoid this factor, ethnic enclaves provide a haven where economic success may still be achieved.
Economic assistance through enclave membership takes the form of job opportunities, loans for small businesses, and other forms of economic assistance.
Small ethnic firms within the enclave provide new immigrants with immediate access to economic opportunities by subverting the secondary sector of the economy and creating numerous low-wage jobs that are easily accessed by members.
The barriers of entry into the enclave economy are significantly lowered due to the ethno-centric nature of businesses and firms.
Goods and services tend to be offered in the language of that enclave.
Additionally, social and cultural norms specific to the host country are not required of employees in the enclave economy.
Thus, the ethno-specific nature of enclave economies makes them attractive to new immigrants who lack the social and cultural skills necessary to integrate into the mainstream economy.
Entrance into the enclave economy is dependent upon the conditions of incorporation experienced by the individual.
Unfavorable modes of incorporation into the host society provide incentives for immigrants to enter the informal economy.
Discrimination, hostility and lack of resources may encourage immigrants to enter into informal forms of employment for survival.
Ethnic enclaves are rich in informal activities, as the entrepreneurial services making the core of the enclave's founding were historically informal ventures.
Informality proves favorable for immigrant entrepreneurships, allowing them to bypass costly regulations.
Additionally, the scope of employment for immigrants is greatly widened by the availability of informal jobs in the enclave economic sector.
The informality of the enclave economy is also a reason for risk and fraud.
Informal activities are constantly under risk of detection by the formal sector, which has a negative effect on job security.
Furthermore, due to the absence of legal framework, immigrant laborers often remain silent about various forms of exploitation.
The most common form of labor exploitation in immigrant economies is unpaid labor.
Undocumented immigrants are especially afraid to report violations of labor laws and exploitation.
Governments generally enforce measures to reduce the amount of "unwanted" immigrants which may potentially pose a burden on the receiving society and economy.
Aside from immigration control policies, some governments also impose measures to accelerate social and political incorporation of new immigrants, and to stimulate economic mobility.
The first of these is the gap hypothesis which describes the dissonance between official immigration policies and real policy outcomes.
Policy gaps are the result of unintended consequences and inadequate enforcement by the receiving society.
Governments with undefined or ambiguous stances toward immigration may propagate unintended consequences, and the reliance on flawed policies can further reduce the efficacy of institutional measures.
Furthermore, political incoherency policy poses a greater challenge for the incorporation and enforcement of effective measures.
A negative public opinion toward immigrants is a good measure of significant policy gaps in the receiving government; however, special interest groups may also constrain political responses to immigration.
Furthermore, governments and special groups in the immigrant-sending country may align themselves with pro-immigration lobbyists in the receiving country.
Thus, the policymaking process is complicated by involvement of multiple factions.
Ethnic groups receive various levels of reception by the host society for various reasons.
Political incorporation into the host country is coupled with adoption of citizenship of the host country.
This alternative model emphasizes the role of migrant networks in critically shaping how immigrants consider citizenship.
Bloemraad shows that friends, family, co-ethnic organizations and local community affect political incorporation by providing a structured mobilization framework.
This social structure is most essential for immigrants who face language barriers and may lack familiarity with host institutions.
The extent to which migrant networks promote citizenship depends on the efficacy of government policies on immigrant integration.
Governments adopting policies that facilitate the emergence, integration and growth of ethnic economies are presumed to gain support by co-ethnics.
Thus, the movement toward political incorporation and citizenship is nested in a larger institutional structure involving economic and social integration policy as these relate to immigrants.
Ethnic enclaves have the ability to simultaneously assist in political and civic incorporation of immigrants.
By providing a space that facilitates upward mobility and economic integration into the receiving society, enclaves and their members fundamentally influence the perceptions of receiving institutions by co-ethnics.
Both areas discuss the role ethnic enclaves play by either offering aid or hindering the economic and social well-being of the enclave's members.
One area of thought discusses the role of enclaves in assimilative patterns and upward mobility while the second area of thought argues the economic ramifications associated with membership within ethnic enclaves.
The immediate economic and social advantages associated with membership in an ethnic enclave are undisputed by scholars, however the long-term consequences remain an area of uncertainty.
The role these networks play remains uncertain due to the fact that ethnic enclaves allow immigrants to function successfully within the host society without a significant amount of adjustment either culturally or linguistically.
As such, they can either help or hinder naturalization within the host country.
The relatively low levels of skill required allow immigrants to achieve financial stability which can in turn encourage eventual naturalization and assimilation.
Adversely, this same factor can afford enclave members the opportunity to remain considerably segregated and secluded from the host society.
As such, members may circumvent the need to acquire skills necessary for life in the larger host society such as knowledge of cultural norms and language.
The debate regarding the economic viability of ethnic enclaves revolves around the enclave-economy hypothesis.
They instead argue that "those inserted into an immigrant enclave can be empirically distinguished from workers in both the primary and secondary labor markets.
Enclave workers will share with those in the primary sector a significant economic return past human capital investments" something those who enter the secondary labor market are not able to enjoy.
Thus, they assert the enclave economy is not a mobility trap as some would term it, but an alternate mode of incorporation.
They also call for the investigation of economic opportunities available to those in the enclave, believing them to be lesser in quality and supply.
They instead assert that this will usually not be the case as the constant entrance of new immigrants into the enclave will actually be somewhat burdensome on the economy; a factor which does not actually represent disadvantage when compared with the other advantages provided.
The first of these conditions requires the demonstration that ethnic entrepreneurship is a mobility trap leading to lower earnings than the immigrant's worth in human capital.
The second condition requires data proving the work within the enclave to be exploitative, and the third condition requires data showing employment within the enclave leads to a 'dead end' and offers no chance of upward mobility.
They acknowledge that the fulfillment of these three requirements is difficult as there is little data available to accurately test them.
She notes that it is most common for immigrants to participate in long hours of physically demanding work in the retail industry.
The retail market is a viable option due to the relatively low startup costs and knowledge of the host country's language required.
Different niches have different levels of communication, for example the retail and self-service niche, (fruit and vegetable markets, take out restaurants) typically require the lowest level of customer interaction and communication.
Lee notes the embeddedness of ethnic enclaves and brings the thought that such practices are good for those within the enclave but harmful to certain groups outside them.
She also notes the adverse effects patterns of ethnic embeddedness can have on surrounding ethnic groups by noting the difficulty other groups face in joining the network.
As immigrants tended to cluster in certain cities and states, separate waves were responsible for the establishment of ethnic enclaves in separate physical spaces.
However, more recent patterns of migration, such as chain migration, challenge traditional methods of enclaves establishment.
As the supply of low-wage workers increases, the wages for native workers who seek similar employment decrease.
While native employees lose from lower wages, employers benefit from lower costs, which can lead to a decrease in the cost of the good for native consumers, with cheaper goods and services.
That can cause increase of the gain to native-owned firms.
However, they have also arisen in historical times, for various reasons.
Makryotika has a school, a tavern, and a supermarket with a butcher shop.
The butcher raises his own livestock organically on his farm in the mountains.
There is also a small ironworks and a carpenter's shop.
One of the local bakeries still makes its bread in the traditional way.
During the summer months, there are many apartments, studios and rooms to let.
Many gardens boast lemon trees, mandarine trees and vines, as well as honeysuckle and jasmine.
A memorial garden a few yards down the road from the square was recently completed in remembrance of local war heroes.
All play infrequently and may have been inactive for several years.
A useful immediate mode was added for the push, imul, and multi-bit shift instructions.
Pin- and instruction-compatible replacements might still be manufactured by various third party sources.
Certification is based on actual, rather than modeled or anticipated, performance.
This ceremony now proceeds simply on the verbal order of the proprietor.
The execution of chalking is a warrant under which decree of removal will be pronounced by the burgh court, in virtue of which the tenant may be ejected on the expiration of a charge of six days.
The company paid its salespeople on a draw against commissions program, although they were paid spiffs instead of pure commission.
Spiffs were calculated based on profit margin and other incentives, not based on the price of the product.
Salespeople were not encouraged to sell the more expensive unit, but a model not carried by the competition which couldn't be directly price compared and therefore had a higher mark-up.
Salespeople learned that the coin endings of the products directed them to which item to sell.
Fretter maintained its marketing strategy as a low-cost retailer, even hiring outside research companies to compare prices with competitors and making that information available to sales people at their point-of-sale terminals.
The move did little to sway public opinion since the chain sold higher end goods than its competitors but did not make that point clear in its advertising.
Fretter management had been working to compete with the superstore model by becoming one of its own.
Undaunted, he charged at the terrorists and killed one of them.
Refusing evacuation, he continued with the assault and killed two more terrorists at extremely close range.
He was one of the lead actors of his time.
After school final studies, he worked as a co-operative supervisor for some time.
Instead of pursuing further studies, he choose to enter the field of drama.
Seagull, turkey and eagle feathers are among the feathers commonly used.
Players often use wax to close fingerholes and alter the sound of the flute, blocking one or other tone hole on the kuisi sigi, and on the kuisi bunzi either the upper or lower fingerhole so that only four holes are in use at any one time.
The change of wax from one fingerhole to another alters the fundamental tone and series of overtones that can be produced.
The holes are then located with a distance between them measured by the width of two fingers plus half the width of the thumb.
The center is removed, first moistening and then boring with an iron stick.
The cactus stem is thicker at one of its ends, this will go upside and coupled with the bee wax head which carries the feather mouth piece.
Though the instrument is slightly conic on the outside, its perforation is cylindrical.
The kuisi bunsi has five tone holes, but only four of them are used when performing: the lower tone hole is rarely used, but when used, the upper tone hole is closed with wax.
The lower tone hole of the kuisi sigi is rarely used.
The mouth piece, a quill made from a large bird feather, is encrusted in this bee wax-charcoal head, with an angle and a distance to the edge of the air column which varies from instrument to instrument.
Since construction is not serial, the only instrument which matches the tuning of a particular kuisi bunsi (female) is the kuisi sigi (male) constructed to accompany it.
Their lengths correspond and the position of the two tone holes of the kuisi sigi matches the position of the lower tone holes of the kuisi bunsi.
The male and female kuisi are traditionally played as a pair in counterpoint to one another; the kuisi sigi usually marking the beat and the kuisi bunsi playing the melody.
The player of the kuisi sigi often holds that in one hand and a maraca in the other, playing both simultaneously.
This conjunto accompanies the dance chicote, a circle dance in which men and women alternate, placing their arms on each other's shoulders.
At this festival the inhabitants of some wealth and position danced in a pavilion to the accompaniment of a regimental band.
Those of the lower classes participated in one of two dances held in the open air.
The blacks and pardos participated in a circle dance of couples, much like the popular cumbia of this century.
The dance of the blacks was accompanied by two or three hand-beaten drums and a chorus of women who clapped.
Players of gaitas and players of drums joined together to accompany this dance.
This merging was apparently the origin of the conjunto de gaitas.
Giani's family has been very supportive and vocal about her work in the community.
On the show, she openly spoke about being bisexual and the challenges she faced in her adolescence.
She has written about love and about her experience as an out person in the community.
When the school board took over operation of the library high school students were permitted to borrow books without a subscription.
Funding for the new library was financed by the school board and became open to all residents in the city regardless of income.
The city ultimately agreed to fund the daily expenses and construction began.
Due to rapid growth and great public interest the new library quickly found itself at full capacity and in need of additional space for a quickly growing book collection.
Collections catalogues were written by hand, and the archives had no formal collection management system.
Upon the fall of the regime, the archives were looted.
A statement in the ninth article of the treaty prohibits the assessment of property tax on native lands until they are sold to non-native owners.
It is part urban, part rural and extends out from the town centre in a northwest direction.
Autocar now builds three models of custom-engineered, heavy duty trucks and has regained leading positions in several vocational segments.
Clarke's insistence of placing the driver on the left hand side of the vehicle led to that standardization throughout most of the automotive industry worldwide, and consequently we drive on the right side of the road.
This was a somewhat unusual engine design for the time, with most companies producing inline designs.
The cars now had wheel steering with left hand drive.
He has famously never accepted or rejected any one of these titles.
The scenario involves a number of small companies competing for air freight business where the transportation is between the lesser known airfields.
The more complex full game involves more by way of trading strategy.
The aircraft are moved around the flight paths between airfields making use of a single die.
The board is marked up with airfields which are connected by air lanes.
Airfields have runways, some with two at right angles to each other some with just one.
Finally the airfield has a warehouse where the foodstuffs and machinery tokens (pyramids) are stored.
The fuel gauges are marked off in fuel units and freight units.
The more fuel a plane carries the less freight it can carry.
Breeching was the occasion when a small boy was first dressed in breeches or trousers.
Various forms of relatively subtle differences usually enabled others to tell little boys from little girls, in codes that modern art historians are able to understand.
The store is a one-story rectangular, wood-frame building with a foundation of field stones and posts.
Also on the property are a frame coal house, and a storage building located across the roadway.
This has led to calls for road improvements to separate traffic in each direction.
Point-to-point speed cameras have been installed on one section of the highway to identify drivers who flaunt the speed limit.
Parts of the highway have had wider centre lines installed with audio tactile treatment to help drivers to realise and recover from drifting across the centre line before they encounter an oncoming vehicle.
The name came from the head foreman of the railroad.
Cushing has burned down a total of three times in its long history.
The protests were sparked by a sudden increase of prices of food and other everyday items.
The rise in prices proved to be a major shock to ordinary citizens, especially in the larger cities.
The regime was afraid of a wave of sabotage that was being started, which however is often believed to be inspired by the secret police, who wanted to legitimize a harsh response to the protesters.
The protest movement then spread to other cities, leading to strikes and occupations.
However, only six people were reported dead by the government at the time.
All those who perished were buried overnight, with only the closest relatives present, in order to avoid spreading the riots.
The price rises were reversed, wage rises announced, and sweeping economic and political changes were promised.
Nevertheless, the workers from the coast did not ultimately prevent the government from implementing its agenda of increased food prices.
She was the mother of several notable children but she is known principally for one book and the original of this work is lost.
She is the mother of nine bastard daughters fathered by nine different paramours.
He goes into the walls to spy on the court, to muster the rabble there into his personal army, and to make sorties into the court to commit murders and leave evidence that points to other courtiers.
Since then the field has expanded, and now includes contributions from a wide range of researchers and commentators worldwide.
The aspect of trauma, and physical crises, is also recognized as an indicator for the phenomenon.
However, a few researchers have challenged the hypothesis that near-death experience accounts are substantially influenced by prevailing cultural models.
Encountering a mystical being or presence, or hearing an unidentifiable voice.
The effects, which are often summarized by researchers, include a number of value, attitude and belief changes that reflect radical changes in personality, and a new outlook on life and death, human relations, and spirituality.
Many of the effects are considered to be positive  or beneficial.
Other psychological variables that are considered by researchers include: imagination; depersonalization; dissociation; proneness to fantasy; and the memory of being born.
A third model, sometimes called the transcendental explanation, considers a number of categories, often summarized by commentators, that usually fall outside the scope of physiological or psychological explanations.
Several researchers in the field, while investigating variables from all three models, have expressed reservations towards explanations that are purely psychological or physiological.
Research on near-death experiences is mainly limited to the disciplines of medicine, psychology and psychiatry.
Morse and colleagues investigated near-death experiences in a pediatric population.
The division went on to produce research on a number of phenomena that were not considered to be mainstream.
In addition to near-death experiences this included: reincarnation and past lives, out-of-body experiences, apparitions and after-death communications, and deathbed visions.
Stevenson, whose main academic interest was the topic of reincarnation and past lives, also made contributions to the field of near-death studies.
Research has also entered into other fields of interest, such as the mental health of military veterans.
The aim of the study was to investigate the cause of the experience, and assess variables connected to frequency, depth, and content.
The object of the study was to study the brain, and consciousness, during cardiac arrest, and to test the validity of out of body experiences and reported claims of lucidity (the ability to see and hear) during cardiac arrest.
The instrument has also been used to measure the impact of near-death experiences on dialysis patients.
According to some commentators the index has improved consistency in the field.
Questions formulated by the scale address such dimensions as: cognition (feelings of accelerated thought, or "life-review"), affect (feelings of peace and joy), paranormal experience (feelings of being outside of the body, or a perception of future events) and transcendence (experience of encountering deceased relatives, or experiencing an unearthly realm).
Knowledge and attitude portions of the instrument were tested for internal consistency.
Content validity was established by using a panel of experts selected from nursing, sociology, and psychology.
The instrument has been used to measure attitudes toward, and knowledge of, near-death experiences in a college population, among clergy, among registered psychologists, and among hospice nurses.
The organization also maintains an archive of near-death case histories for research and study.
The reports come directly from sources all across the world.
A few academic locations have been associated with the activities of the field of near-death studies.
Many of the conferences have addressed a specific topic, defined in advance of the meeting.
A few of the conferences have been arranged at academic locations.
Both scientists and medical professionals have, in general, tended to be skeptical.
He has also exposed weaknesses in methodology, paucity of data, and gaps in arguments.
This includes theories that present a challenge to modern neuroscience by suggesting a new understanding of the mind-brain relationship in the direction of transcendental, or paranormal, elements.
However, he does not rule out a future revision of modern neuroscience, awaiting new and improved research procedures.
Martens  noted the "lack of uniform nomenclature", and "the failure to control the studied population with an elimination of interfering factors", as examples of criticism directed towards near-death research.
But criticism of the field has also come from commentators within its own ranks.
In his view this has compromised the integrity of research and discussion.
Specifically, "trophic mutualism" refers to the transfer of energy and nutrients between two species.
Trophic mutualism often occurs between an autotroph and a heterotroph.
Although there are many examples of trophic mutualisms, the heterotroph is generally a fungus or bacteria.
The role that rhizobia play in fixing nitrogen for legumes is the basis for why legumes can be used in crop rotation.
Whereas rhizobia are bacteria that fix nitrogen, mycorrhizae are fungi that bring nutrients to the plants in return for carbon.
Mycorrhizas are also capable of improving water uptake and communicating to their hosts to resist to pathogens.
Bacteria known as "extracellular symbionts" live within the gastrointestinal tracts of vertebrates, where they aid in the digestion of food.
This work was significant in establishing the presence of mutualistic relationships in both aquatic and terrestrial environments.
Perhaps the most widely acclaimed example of a trophic mutualism was the discovery of the leafcutter ant that engage in trophic mutualism with a fungus.
These ants cultivate a certain type of fungus by providing it with leaves and other nutrients.
In turn the ants will feed on a special nutrient that is only created by the fungus they nurture.
He delivered seminars and wrote many articles in local and national newspapers about this project.
The stingers (nematocysts) are in clumps, appearing as rings of small red dots around the bell and along the tentacles.
This is partly because they are too small and fragile requiring special handling and containment.
Researchers conjecture that the venom possesses such potency to enable it to quickly stun its prey, which consists of small and fast fish.
Biologists have yet to discover the purpose of this unique characteristic.
The hypothesis is that the feature enables the jellyfish to be more likely to catch its prey of small fish.
Irukandji jellyfish have the ability to fire stingers from the tips of their tentacles and inject venom.
The syndrome is in part caused by release of catecholamines.
The symptoms last from hours to weeks, and victims usually require hospitalisation.
Treatment is symptomatic, with antihistamines and anti-hypertensive drugs used to control inflammation and hypertension; intravenous opiates, such as morphine and fentanyl, are used to control the pain.
Irukandji jellyfish are usually found near the coast, attracted by the warmer water, but blooms have been seen as far as five kilometres offshore.
The versions from each chamber being different, a conference committee was convened.
In addition to the card collections themselves, other ephemera related to the act of playing card games also belong to the collection, including various rulebooks and a variety of gaming counters.
The true value of the collection lies in the wisdom of its principal collector, who desired to amass a collection that reflected in some depth both standard and non-standard cards.
The recording process was cut short when the album's master tapes were stolen.
Rather than re-record that material, the group decided to start over.
It has been praised in the years following its release, appearing on several year-end and decade-end lists.
By this time, things had come to a point regarding unresolved personal issues between the three band members.
He felt insecure, having become "fascinated and horrified" by his reckless lifestyle, and his marriage was in jeopardy.
Cavallo told the members to ask themselves if the missing tracks represented the group's best work.
The band members agreed to spend the next three months writing new material.
The band set up a pirate radio station from which it would broadcast jam sessions, along with occasional prank calls.
The band demoed the album sufficiently so that it would be completely written and sequenced before they went to record.
Cool brought multiple drum kits to the studio, including over seventy-five snares.
The songs were recorded in order as they appear on the track listing, which was a first for the trio.
Each song would be recorded in its entirety before proceeding to the next.
Armstrong admitted that at points during the recording process he expressed fear at the amount of work before him, likening it to climbing a mountain.
The album also takes aim at small companies put out of business by giant corporations.
Cool made an example out of record shops closing when a national retailer makes it to town.
Armstrong considered rock music a "conservative" business with regard to the rigidity in which a band must release a single, create a music video, or head out on tour.
The band used more loud guitar sounds for the record.
The album's story is largely indeterminate, as the group was unsure of where to lead the plot's third quarter.
While he considered their previous record heartfelt, he felt a more instinctual feeling to speak for the time period in which the album was released.
He had felt the desire to increase the amount of political content in his lyricism as he grew into adulthood, noting that the "climate" surrounding his aging produced feelings of responsibility in the songs he wrote.
Everything from the aesthetic to the music to the look.
The band aimed for the cover to be "at once uniform and powerful".
Although he felt that red is the "most overused color in graphic design", he felt that the "immediate" qualities of the color deemed it appropriate for use on the cover.
The band also underwent "a significant image change," and they began wearing black and red uniforms onstage.
Armstrong considered it a natural extension of his showmanship, which began in his childhood.
Pitchfork deemed it "ambitious" and successful in getting across its message, while "keep[ing] its mood and method deliberately, tenaciously, and angrily on point".
It described some of the songs as forgettable, though, arguing the album focuses more on lyrics than music.
Uncut was more critical and wrote in a mixed review that although the album was heavily politically focused, "slam-dancing is still possible".
It is a documentary about the songwriting and recording process of the album.
The holes are wider meant probably for 'gun firing at the pirates proceeding up the river'.
In a corner of the fort enclosure there is a tall free standing square column of brick which must have been used for observation and placing guns in the rainy season.
The election was by the single transferable vote version of proportional representation.
They agreed that the pro-treaty and anti-treaty factions would fight the general election jointly and form a coalition government afterwards.
The sitting member would not be opposed by the other faction.
This pact prevented voters giving their opinions on the treaty itself, especially in uncontested seats.
These were later replaced with the standard single round insets.
The steering column is thicker and the power steering system is unique.
The interior has dark blue plastic with silver accenting and beige pillars from the bottom of the windows to the beige headliner.
The front seats were replaced with manually adjustable sports seats with more side bolster.
He is an intelligent, anthropomorphic raccoon, who is an expert marksman and master tactician.
The character has appeared in several media adaptations as a member of that team, including animated television series, toys, and video games.
The character only appeared in a total of ten comic books in his first thirty years of existence.
Rocket is depicted as a gifted military tactician who is fearless, loyal, and insightful.
It is heavily implied that he has a case of obsessive compulsive disorder.
Sharp claws allow him to scale walls, buildings, and trees with ease.
He is an accomplished starship pilot, an expert marksman with the two laser pistols he carries as well as having an affinity for heavy weapons.
His lived in sixteenth century, though it was initially believed that he lived in seventeenth century.
The church is set back from the road, on a property that includes the main church building, a parish hall, and a community building.
The interior retains all or most of its original box pews, and has the unusual configuration of a raised pulpit in the front of the building, just behind the vestibule.
The lack of a steeple and the building's basic form are similar to those of earlier colonial meeting houses, which more typically had the pulpit located on a long wall.
This business endeavour was unsuccessful, and he ended up deeding the property to the congregation.
The parish hall, attached to the rear of the building, provides handicapped access.
He never made his official debut, however, and was never selected again.
The goal was to move beyond the limitations of the old cartel system by incorporating advances simultaneously inside a single corporation.
The new company emphasized rationalization of management structures and modernization of the technology; it employed a multi-divisional structure and used return on investment as its measure of success.
It was especially associated with vases made for ritual and funerary use, if only because the painted surface was more fragile than in the other main techniques of black-figure and red-figure vase painting.
The light slip was probably meant to make the vases appear more valuable, perhaps by eliciting associations with ivory or marble.
However, in no case was a vessel's entire surface covered in white slip.
It has also been conjectured that this form of painting emerged in order to emulate the more prestigious medium of wall painting, but the thesis has been elusive of proof.
White-ground vase painting often occurred in association with red-figure vase painting.
Especially typical of this are kylikes with a white-ground interior and a red-figure exterior image.
White-ground painting is less durable than black- or red-figure, which is why such vases were primarily used as votives and grave vessels.
The technique was used to create strobing bands of colour that emphasize the shape of the vase.
The manner of painting is the same as in conventional black-figure, the colour of the grounding being the only difference.
The ground is rarely pure white, but usually slightly yellowish or light beige.
Images are not created from reservation (paint-free areas) and painted internal detail (as in red-figure vase painting), but from drawn outlines and painted internal detail.
The images are made up of outline drawings in shiny slip and coloured areas in mineral paint.
Some details, such as fruit, jewellery, weaponry or vessels are can be executed in clay slip in such a fashion as to attain a slight plasticity, additionally they may be gilded.
The paints used are limited to tones of red and brown, yellow, white and black.
It was used in painting large grave lekythoi used in funerary cult.
Pure outline drawing is only used for the depiction of male bodies at this stage.
By this time, white-ground can be identified most closely with three principal shapes: the lekythos, the krater, and cups.
Black shiny slip and white paint now disappeared from the paintings.
Only the contours are painted before firing, other paints are applied afterwards.
Therefore, the durability of such vase paintings is very limited; many examples are badly preserved or completely worn.
As a result, it is difficult to assess the depicted motifs.
By the end of the century, some first attempts at shaded painting can be observed, influenced probably by contemporaneous panel painting.
Things that they regarded as truths seem to have just melted away, and it's almost as if we're thinking post-philosophically now.
No knowledge, only interpretation of those facts that we seem to be inundated with on a daily basis.
Knowledge seems to have been left behind and there's a sense that we are adrift at sea.
There's nothing more to hold on to, and of course political circumstances just push that boat further out.
People gather in mosques for the evening prayer and continue to sit there after the prayers discussing social and cultural issues.
Business and family issues are also sorted out during these evening meetings.
Faiz hailed from an academic family that was well known in literary circles.
His home was often the scene of a gathering of local poets and writers who met to promote the literacy movement in his native province.
Faiz used more and more demands for the development of socialism in the country, finding socialism the only solution of country's problems.
Faiz and other pro-communists had no political role in the country, despite their academic brilliance.
He was also involved in the circle lending support to military personnel (e.g.
The book also included tributes by his family, by contemporaries and by scholars who knew of him through his poetry.
His written works include a wide range of books, research papers and published articles in the fields of history, education and other public issues.
Many of these published works have been presented at local and international forums and workshops.
The developed section is continuously paved, with parallel grass trackways or shoulders for horseback riding along the whole route.
It also represents industry equipment manufacturers, distributors, operators, industry suppliers and service providers.
The council and its operations committee were instrumental in recruiting international members and developing quality products and services.
The association extended membership to casinos and resorts, since a number of facilities had incorporated amusement and entertainment features.
The following year, the association implemented its certification program to help raise amusement-industry standards.
Member facilities include amusement and theme parks, water parks, attractions, family entertainment centers, zoos, aquariums, museums, science centers, and resorts.
Some consonant clusters are allowed (almost invariably two-consonant), most involving sonorants; prenasalised ones are particularly common.
In addition, the mission was designed to protect the people in the region from further systematic war crimes.
The island is now uninhabited and managed as a bird reserve.
There is also an ancient burial site on the island.
The farm boasted working horses, cattle and sheep - all of which had to be transported on the "coo" or "cow" boat.
There is a large colony of grey seals on the island.
All that remains today is the tower, with various additions and extensions.
The mandibles, antennae and legs are light brown, with long furrows which are brownish yellow with erect hairs all over it.
The head is dark-reddish/brown and the same length as width.
They have six black teeth, which get larger towards the end.
The union's demands center around pay scales, pensions, and private investment into the railway.
The plan also includes the acceleration of eleven express passenger route projects already under construction.
The test period is expected to last about six months.
The driver seems to have driven too fast, causing the breaking of a wheel and the derailment of the train.
It's kind of about how over analysis leads to more questions than answers, whether with relationships or quantum theory.
Apparently, humans are the only animals that can ask 'why'.
But, personal experience tells us that doesn't necessarily go hand in hand with understanding 'how'.
The town was named for the original owner of the town site.
His boat, which could hold two wagons, cut nearly twenty miles from the former route.
He wanted her to become his mistress, which her mother refused to allow.
This time, the wedding was formal and conducted with grand ceremony.
She spent the rest of her life in religious seclusion, under virtual house arrest on her estate, which the king did not allow her to leave without his express permission.
Its layout was altered, a ballroom added, and the garden was replanted and linked directly to the forest.
The sculpture is an flattened oval ring with rounded edges, pierced by a large hole.
The inside edge of the hole has two protrusions rising from opposite sides and narrowing to sharp points that almost meet at the centre of the hole, creating a sense of energy and dynamic tension.
Moore was often inspired by found natural objects, such as stone with a hole.
Moore himself later mentioned a link in his mind to spark plugs.
Body with greenish laterally and mixture of orange and red at the abdominal area.
Consuming smaller fish and attacking fins, juveniles include aquatic insects and crustaceans (shrimps).
He created it to tackle with harshest conditions of famine under a famine relief project.
The lake is among the tourist spots of the city.
He reported that the ship sank quickly in the early hours of the morning after capsizing to the left.
The circumstances leading to the sinking of the vessel are still under investigation.
It is thought that the probable cause of sinking was liquefaction of her nickel ore cargo resulting in the shifting of cargo in the holds, which destabilised the vessel causing her to sink.
Although the behavioural attributes of a host species may play a role in parasitism, it is thought that the female selects its host through imprinting, remembering the species that it was raised by and ultimately using that species to raise its brood.
Females that leave a breeding site after several weeks may move to another site and continue to breed with another male, forming another bond in a new breeding territory.
The female cuckoo may choose a breeding site with a high density of hosts, which allows extra opportunity for her success in parasitising a nest successfully.
Younger semi-experienced females were generally selected over new and novice breeding females due to their success and experience.
As the nestling grows it will be fed by the host parent and possibly the group growing more rapidly until fledged.
In the case of the fairy wrens, they have adapted some host defences to reduce parasitism.
The high cost of hosting a parasitic species, in energy and genetics, drives the host to improve its defences, which in turn drive the parasite to improve its offences.
Helpers in large colonies provision the female so she can spend more time guarding the nest.
Hosts learn and recognise their own eggs, and abandon any that are in the nest before they have started their own.
Eggs that are cryptic and therefore unable to be seen in the dark nest.
Efficiency in laying the egg, being able to lay an egg secretly and quickly while the host is absent.
It is now a hotel open to the general public.
He works in many media, including ceramics, textiles, installation art, metallurgy, painting, and printmaking, and often collaborates with local artisans in his work.
To date, there have been no proven occurrences of this malware.
The book is arranged chronologically, with songs arranged according to the album on which they appeared.
Summerlin offers homes in a variety of styles and prices to create a true multi-generational community.
Many individual neighborhoods also have their own subdivision homeowners associations.
Both have their own associations and are not part of the master association.
Snowfall is unusual, occurring once every several years, though several inches can fall at once during a major event.
Spring and fall are dominated by mild to warm days, with occasional surges of hot temperatures.
These include league play soccer fields, baseball and t-ball fields, football fields, basketball courts, swimming pools, playgrounds, tennis courts, community centers, sand volleyball courts, horseshoes, bocce ball and shuffleboard courts, a tricycle course, interactive water spray features, motorized toy areas and barbecue areas.
The schools enjoy strong support and involvement from parents, with active parent organizations at each school as well as numerous other opportunities for parents to participate in enhancing the educational program.
He often went into the jungle alone and unarmed to meditate and enjoy the beauty of untouched nature.
As a hunter, he tracked down man-eating tigers and leopards.
His books delve into the habits of the jungle tribes, their survival skills, and their day-to-day lives.
He also explores the occult, and writes about his experiences for which he has no explanation.
He believed in the power of alternative medicine and carried a box containing natural herbs from the jungle.
Boys used to trade these magazines amongst themselves though the price was tuppence or two pennies new.
Extension of lifespan in treated mice was, however, not recorded.
It is one of the few species in its genus able to form sexual spores through meiosis, allowing crossing of strains in the laboratory.
The green colour of wild-type colonies is due to pigmentation of the spores, while mutations in the pigmentation pathway can produce other spore colours.
The favourites for the overall victory did not lose time in the first stages.
In the eleventh stage, in hilly conditions, the first serious attacks were seen.
Delgado won the next stage, an uphill individual time trial, and solidified his lead.
In the fourteenth stage, the favourites stayed together, and other cyclists were allowed to go for the stage victory.
Delgado further increased his lead in the nineteenth stage, by leaving his the other cyclists behind him on the final climb of the day.
Delgado was aiming to win the twenty-first stage, an individual time trial, and was leading at all the intermediate check points, but lost time in the final part of the stage, finishing in fourth place.
This was more than enough to secure the overall victory.
The most important was the general classification, calculated by adding each cyclist's finishing times on each stage.
Additionally, there was a points classification, where cyclists were given points for finishing among the best in a stage finish, or in intermediate sprints.
The cyclist with the most points lead the classification, and was identified with a green jersey.
This classification was calculated as a combination of the other classifications, its leader wore the combination jersey.
This classification had similar rules as the points classification, but only points were awarded on intermediate sprints.
For the team classification, the times of the best three cyclists per team on each stage were added; the leading team was the team with the lowest total time.
The riders in the team that lead this classification wore yellow caps.
For the last time, there was also a team points classification.
After each stage, the stage rankings of the best three cyclists per team were added, and the team with the least total lead this classification, and were identified by green caps.
The cyclist with the most votes in all stages lead the classification.
A camping coach adjacent to the westbound platform offers holiday accommodation.
The ground is now used as a sports ground by local schools and community groups.
There were no international titles or ratings for chess in his era.
He was also known for his tireless work among his parishioners.
It inhabits most oceans and adjoining seas, and prefers deep offshore waters.
It has also been referred to as the lesser fin whale because it somewhat resembles the fin whale.
It has a single ridge extending from the tip of the rostrum to the paired blowholes that are a distinctive characteristic of baleen whales.
The whale's skin is often marked by pits or wounds, which after healing become white scars.
Dorsal fin shape, pigmentation pattern, and scarring have been used to a limited extent in photo-identification studies.
The tail is thick and the fluke, or lobe, is relatively small in relation to the size of the whale's body.
Each plate is made of fingernail-like keratin, which is bordered by a fringe of very fine, short, curly, wool-like white bristles.
The sei whale looks similar to other large baleen whales.
Large individuals can be confused with fin whales, unless the fin whale's asymmetrical head coloration is clearly seen.
The fin whale's lower jaw's right side is white, and the left side is grey.
One whale would always leave the group during or immediately after such socializing bouts.
Unlike the fin whale, the sei whale tends not to rise high out of the water as it dives, usually just sinking below the surface.
The blowholes and dorsal fin are often exposed above the water surface almost simultaneously.
For an animal of its size, for the most part, its preferred foods lie unusually relatively low in the food chain, including zooplankton and small fish.
The whale's diet preferences has been determined from stomach analyses, direct observation of feeding behavior, and analyzing fecal matter collected near them, which appears as a dilute brown cloud.
The different estimates result from scientists' inability to observe an entire pregnancy; most reproductive data for baleen whales were obtained from animals caught by commercial whalers, which offer only single snapshots of fetal growth.
Researchers attempt to extrapolate conception dates by comparing fetus size and characteristics with newborns.
This combination distinguishes their calls from those of other whales.
An observer situated one metre from a vocalizing whale would perceive a volume roughly equivalent to the volume of a jackhammer operating two metres away.
They seemed so friendly, and they'd come round and they'd make a noise, and when you hit them, they cried really.
I didn't think it was really nice to do that.
At the end of the day that's what counted at the time.
It occurs predominantly in deep water, occurring most commonly over the continental slope, in basins situated between banks, or submarine canyon areas.
In some years, males and younger females remain at lower latitudes during the summer.
Despite knowing some general migration patterns, exact routes are incompletely known and scientists cannot readily predict exactly where groups will appear from one year to the next.
Initially their speed and elusiveness, and later the comparatively small yield of oil and meat partially protected them.
The meat's value made the hunting of this difficult-to-catch species profitable in the early twentieth century.
The main focus of the research is to examine what they eat and to assess the competition between whales and fisheries.
One possible explanation for this disappearance is that the whales were overexploited.
Crazy paving is a means of hard-surfacing used outdoors, most frequently in gardens.
Paving stones of irregular size and shape are laid in a haphazard manner sometimes with mortar filling the gaps between.
The term may also refer to a pattern seen on computed tomography of the chest, involving lobular septal thickening with variable alveolar filling.
They live among spun leaves and mine the leaves from this position by gnawing irregular, more or less oval holes in the epidermis.
The penultimate whorl contains five prominent keels, all of equal strength.
It is especially valuable as the original appears to be misplaced.
Pip feels he is being called on to fulfil sporting ambitions his father can no longer achieve.
He is also struggling with changing feelings for the girl who is his friend next door, when she goes out with his enemy.
As well as learning to juggle mandarins, he learns how to juggle new feelings and relationships throughout this book as he learns to climb, a passionate goal.
Adam and his friends have to go bring her back.
The team with most number of points will be declared champions.
For coming matches, an a indicates there is an article about the match.
But in the last few games, my game became way better.
It usually involves moving equipment in small motions so that spirit levels are centralised in all planes.
Movement is usually done by small worm gears or other fine setting devices for accurate small movements, together with other more coarse gears to allow large swings in motion for quick movement between different settings.
Laying is also incorrectly used when the word 'lying' is meant, as when someone says a person is laying down when a person is lying down is what was intended.
Corporate and household lending decelerated and became expensive, and then sovereign debt management reached a critical state, which was followed by a rapid and significant depreciation of the forint.
The analysis based on the survey results is built around four indices: a macroeconomic index, a market index, a financing index and an investment index.
Pseudo-chivalric order or self-styled order is an organisation which claims to be a chivalric order, but is not recognised as legitimate by countries or international bodies.
Most are short-lived and endure no more than a few decades.
Other countries explicitly regulate what decorations are accepted as legitimate.
Dynastic orders are prohibited unless the dynasty in question is currently recognised as sovereign.
A fount of honour is a person who held sovereignty either at or before the moment when the order was established.
The obverse of the medal depicts a color guard of one flag bearer accompanied by two soldiers bearing rifles, marching toward the left of the medal.
The suspension and service ribbons are ultramarine blue with edge stripes of red and white.
When he saw the dump from the hills of the city, he discovered people rummaging among garbage to find something to eat and sleeping in huts made of hemp propped between mountains of waste.
He appointed a team of staff helping him to manage the daily activities and to provide continuous support to poor people.
The meal is more common in the northern region of the country and therefore can be considered a regional delicacy.
When the mushrooms are boiled, they release a grayish-black coloring giving the rice its gray color and the dish's distinctive flavor.
The dish is often served with some sort of meat whether it be fish, chicken or shrimp (usually mixed in the rice).
It is carnivorous, feeding on invertebrates and other fish found near the sea floor.
Its pectoral fins have evolved into broad, flat, wing-like appendages used to propel the fish through the water.
These fins have a concave front edge with rounded posterior corners.
It has slot-like body openings called gill slits on the underside of the body beneath the pectoral fins that lead from the gills.
The dorsal fins are close together and far removed from the tail.
The fish's upper surface is brown to reddish brown with many scattered darker spots, lighter streaks, and reticulations.
The center of each pectoral fin is marked with an oval spot or blotch.
The lower surface is light, white to grey, blotched irregularly with gray spots.
It is found on various types of ocean bottoms including soft muddy, sandy, and rocky bottoms.
It appears to move closer to shore in the autumn and further out to sea in the warmer months.
It is believed to not exhibit any north-south migratory patterns.
The player plays as a different soldier during each battle.
You must play through each battle to unlock the next one.
For example, the rifled musket reloading process is lengthy, while the revolver's is quick.
Melee combat is also a large part of the game, just as it was during the war.
The document states that the coins are toxic for whoever holds them.
He hides the coins in his aunt's trailer and watches the reel from the hotel.
In this case it's three gold coins, which benefit the holder with an extreme amount of confidence and bravado, but with the drawback that they make whoever touches them completely obsessed with obtaining them.
This is the kind of mystical element that everyone wants to have, not one that forces a new kind of situation.
The facility was later transformed into a station equipped with a building suitable for accommodating both departing and arriving passengers.
On his debut against his former team he scored with his famous bicycle kick from outside the box.
In the past there have been regular but intermittent changes in the radial velocity, multiple periods and photometric variation at some wavelengths, particularly ultraviolet.
It has been proposed that this short-term behavior is due to non-radial pulsations, fast rotational modulation, or the presence of a lower-mass companion.
His efforts helped lead to architectural improvements in access for the disabled, such as wheelchair ramps.
Suburbanization, increased automobile ownership, public investment in new highway construction, and declining profitability in the transit business led to a vicious circle of rising fares, service cuts, and declining ridership.
Service is provided seven days a week on most routes.
Patients with heart failure often experience this when bending over to tie a shoe or putting socks on.
When a patient is in heart failure, it often means the ventricular filling pressures are high at baseline.
When said person bends forward, it causes a further increase in ventricular filling pressures, especially in patients with lower cardiac indices.
His father was a butcher who was also involved in the wholesale and retail meat trade.
Rather than running a chicken company, he sees it as "the business of converting corn and soybeans into meat protein".
A barn dance is any kind of dance involving traditional or folk music with traditional dancing, occasionally held in a barn, but, these days, much more likely to be in any suitable building.
The caller will, therefore, generally use easy dances so that everyone can join in.
Epistemological solipsism is the view that one can only be sure of the existence of ones mind.
If a person sets up a camera to photograph the moon when they are not looking at it, then at best they determine that there is an image of the moon in the camera when they eventually look at it.
Logically, this does not assure that the moon itself (or even the camera) existed at the time the photograph is supposed to have been taken.
To establish that it is an image of an independent moon requires many other assumptions that amount to begging the question.
The continuum hypothesis and the axiom of choice, are examples of possible transcendental decision points.
Solipsism in its weak form is characterized by the repeated decision to not take transcendental steps, a logical minimalism.
In its strong form, the denial of the existence of an argument for the existence of an independent universe may be justified in principle in an empirical manner.
Whether the nonexistence of a proof means the nonexistence of the entity is a transcendental choice.
In that position, he was involved in developing legislation related to aviation, auto and highway safety, transportation security, pipelines, railroads, and fuel efficiency standards for automobiles.
Hard fantasy is similar to hard science fiction, from which it draws its name, in that both aim to build their respective worlds in a rigorous and logical manner.
The two diverge in that hard science fiction uses real scientific principles as its starting point, while hard fantasy postulates starting conditions that do not, and often cannot, exist according to current scientific understanding.
Unlike that of its sister genre, the definition of hard fantasy is amorphous in practice.
Some instances of the genre feature alternative geography and cultures without the presence of magic, dragons, and elves stereotypically found in many other fantasy settings.
Other hard-fantasy settings may feature those elements but with a more detailed explanation for their existence.
The hard aspect of hard fantasy can refer to different elements.
These are not necessarily rules for all genres, but they serve to define the hard magic part of hard fantasy quite well.
That is, a character's weaknesses are more interesting than his or her abilities.
The wood is smoke dried for a week in preparation.
The hand carved and hand painted masks in traditional dance dramas are both vibrant and colorful.
He remained with the show for four seasons, until being let go during the seventh season when the show was canceled.
What most of you don't know is that, said "record deal", has since come to an end.
The structure incorporates the use of both traditional brick masonry, and modern touches such as translucent glass.
It is described as "the weird, the wonderful and all that's in between", and is very diverse in musical content.
Little is known about its diet, but it is known to eat squid and crustaceans.
It was used for its original purpose for less than two decades, after which went through adaptive reuse.
It is considered a historic house, however has been the subject for demolition due to its site being of high economic interest for high rise development.
It later went under different adaptive reuse and changed ownership several times.
Over the years, several townhouses in the area were demolished, were partially demolished or were subject to redevelopment for several reasons.
The building lies in the core of high commercial and other economic interests, and has become subject to be completely demolished to built a high rise building on its site.
General opinion, from people not connected to the economic interest, is in favour of conserving the building, and to avoid a domino effect for other buildings in the area.
It is also argued that further development in the area would increase congestion and impact on the people already residing in the area.
Similar to the groundfloor, the upper floor has a window on each side however are complimented by a corbel above each.
The townhouse has a large back garden, with trees that were planted years ago which are sparse over its grounds.
It is hosted by the pregnant woman's mother-in-law and in the father to be home during the third trimester of the pregnancy.
Hindu women will be worn with bangles in both the hands in odd numbers.
The woman then rests at her parents' home for the final weeks of her pregnancy.
The purpose of the ceremony is to honour and protect the pregnant woman, who is seen as vulnerable to the evil eye, malign spirits and ghosts, and to ensure the birth of a healthy child.
Valaikaapu was originally a simple ceremony, mainly limited to the exchange of bangles.
As this was an exception handler, heavy use of the transcendental functions caused severe performance penalties.
This makes it less expensive and it draws less power.
This makes it less expensive and it draws less power.
The tour itself took three months, while writing the book took about a year.
As the story unfolds, both groups become increasingly involved with an ongoing battle that has been left unresolved for four hundred years.
They had intended to rule the school by beating up anybody that got in their way, as they had done at their previous schools.
Early in the series, she would use a body manipulation technique to revert herself into her childhood form to conserve her ki.
Most of the time he has an easy going personality and is somewhat shy, but his demeanor changes when he becomes angered or serious.
In the manga she has brown ankle-length hair, although her hair is ginger for the anime.
Although she has problems consciously activating it, she seems to have better control of the power than her brother.
He is very resilient and manages to surprise watchers by battling against the odds.
He is a third year student and the top ranked fighter of the whole school.
The anime follows closely to its source material up to the manga's eighth volume with the exception of the sexual content which was toned down.
He often has his characters contemplate the significance and importance of fighting as well as the meaning of strength.
This conscious deliberation of subjective reasoning and objective truth between characters is the most imperative aspect of story and is considered to be rare in manga.
The majority of the female characters have "...ultra large breasts..." and the males characters are extraordinarily muscular, but this facilitates the characters personalities to come through in their distinctive features.
Much of the nudity was removed by the animators, but was made up in the way of sexual innuendos, gratuitous cleavage, and panty shots.
Since the anime is a close adaptation to the manga, critique of the plot is comparable to the manga's.
Some reviewers felt that the anime was handled in a frantic and ill-planned manner that made the conclusion not satisfactory even with the original video animation.
They used bright vibrant colors, solid backgrounds and plenty of visible detail with very little pixelation or jagged movement, but at times used repeated character shots and animations.
The animation done during the fight scenes is done in real time and is done as close to reality as possible while still bending, and often violating, the laws of physics.
Overall, the anime is considered to be above average, but suffers from a lack of a good ending, mainly because the anime only covered the first arc of the story.
Most of the music does well with setting the tone within the anime, although some reviewers found it to be somewhat repetitive.
Some found the drama tracks to be unsatisfactory, even though they were "well executed".
These edits included the length and breadth of the book, censoring out anything they felt was questionable for a teen audience such as covering up or removing nudity, fanservice, and sexual innuendo as well as a removal of an omake chapter.
In response, protesters boycott the edited version and even started up their own website.
This limited availability is attributed to the band releasing the album without paying the engineers and editors of the album, distribution of the album was subsequently blocked.
Potential candidates are called for a short written test and a group interview.
Although students are expected to complete the programme within three years, the programme may be accelerated for completion in two and a half years (subject to approval).
Those without a basic law degree but who have substantial knowledge of and exposure to law may be considered for admission on a case-by-case basis.
Participants read a total of eight courses, including two prescribed courses, four specialisation courses and two free electives.
This requires students to put in a substantial amount of pre-class preparatory reading and thinking, and to participate actively during class.
The high level of engagement and interactive classroom pedagogy is aimed at enriching and deepening students' learning, thinking and mastery of a subject, thereby producing confident and articulate graduates.
In line with this focus on student participation, a holistic approach will be adopted for course assessment.
As many students do not have much exposure to this area of law apart from in class, few have a proper idea of what criminal law in practice is like.
Through such interactions, students will get to hone their various interests, as well as have a better sense of what to expect from real-world corporate and commercial practice.
This event is popular amongst all law batches and has facilitated both intra- and inter-batch bonding.
Much of his published work from this period is in the field of endocrinology.
His group also conducted the first trials of pharmacological cholesterol reduction in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease.
Fredrickson is credited with restoring confidence in this form of research.
Gray indicates that the game was played during a labor dispute.
People gather in mosques for the evening prayer and continue to sit there after the prayers discussing social and cultural issues.
Business and family issues are also sorted out during these evening meetings.
Lifestyle stores carry an expanded selection of finer foods, ready-to-eat meals, and have a more upscale decor..
Nominees are displayed below, the winners are marked in bold text.
Keita was advised by team phycisians to not finish the game.
After leaving the bench, he worked at his son's law firm.
He had resided there for ten years prior to his death.
As a child, she was stubborn and followed her father wherever he went, at times joining him in planning attacks.
Upon the completion of construction, the worlds largest photovoltaic system was installed on the roof of the exhibition halls.
It is separated in the middle, creating a northern and southern part, by a causeway that runs to the main entrance.
The lake flows to the north of the causeway over one sheet pile, and two the south over two, so that a continuous flow of water is achieved; as a result, three water fountains which are in operation in the summer months, are located in pools.
At the northern end, the water runs a stone filled infiltration basin.
The fugue is interrupted six times towards its close, accelerating twice after two interruptions by the gangsa.
The earliest part of the castle was its residential tower.
Most of the wall above ground has since been destroyed, with only the foundations remaining.
Four storeys tall, each floor of the tower was reached by a spiral staircase and comprised two rooms, one large and one small chamber.
The tower was possibly linked to a neighbouring hall complex by a doorway on the first floor, although any such complex has since been lost.
Recent developments like sewage, natural gas pipeline grid and proximity to new major hypermarkets accelerated that process.
He pretended to comply and started his journey to the north.
After graduating from high school, he enrolled in correspondence school and became a certified electrical engineer.
He was known for his near-perfect attendance on votes no matter how minute.
I tried to be his best friend in the delegation.
It has a library and a bookshop specializing in poetry, a music library, and an auditorium.
This has permanent services, several of which are provided free of charge.
In their brokers are photographs of the poet and some items that belonged to him, donated by his family.
It offers services such as guided tours for schools, the elderly, and the blind, and poetry workshops.
In the human body, large quantities are synthesised primarily in the liver and kidneys.
Their production is dependent on availability of the dietary minerals such as zinc, copper, and selenium, as well as the amino acids histidine and cysteine.
A table including the principal aspects of the two latter classifications is included.
Zinc, in turn, is a key element for the activation and binding of certain transcription factors through its participation in the zinc finger region of the protein.
This system is particularly important in the brain, where zinc signaling is prominent both between and within nerve cells.
Many heavy metals, including mercury, lead, and arsenic have been linked to symptoms that resemble the neurological symptoms of autism.
A post-baccalaureate program is also offered for students interested in more preparation prior to entering health professional programs.
However, the good form did not last and the season turned into a struggle in the bottom half of the table, culminating in relegation on the final day of the season.
He enjoyed moderate success at the club before leaving to concentrate on his football coaching career.
The title should not be confused with the game of the same name.
The story was also presented as a paperback mass market novel which closely follows the events depicted in the comic.
But amidst the terror and carnage, where great nations and powerful interests jockey for position and advantage, another blood feud rages in the shadows, one no more humane but decidedly less human.
They awake to find themselves in a new and more deadly environment, stalked by a strange enemy.
One by one these special-ops officers are killed by an unseen threat, until only one man remains.
All alone in a strange world, he must do what he knows best survive against all odds.
The other characters enter waltzing, each uncomfortable with their particular partner.
Anne is intrigued by him, but fails to understand his real meaning.
He shrieks at them for being completely amoral, and flees the scene.
Fredrika thinks about this, and decides that it "must be worth it".
She praises her granddaughter and remembers true love's fleeting nature.
Fredrika tells her grandmother that she has watched carefully, but still has not seen the night smile.
Hypocritically places value on fidelity, being hugely possessive when it comes to both his wife and mistress.
She despises her husband for his behaviour, but obeys his orders due to her hopeless love for him.
The piece has also become a popular choice for amateur musical theatre and light opera companies.
He organizes trios with the singers separated, while his duets are sung together, about a third person.
The work is performed as an operetta in many professional opera companies.
But there is only one moment in this production when all its elements cohere perfectly.
A primary cell is a battery that is designed to be used once and discarded, and not recharged with electricity and reused like a secondary cell (rechargeable battery).
In general, the electrochemical reaction occurring in the cell is not reversible, rendering the cell unrechargeable.
As a primary cell is used, chemical reactions in the battery use up the chemicals that generate the power; when they are gone, the battery stops producing electricity and is useless.
In contrast, in a secondary cell, the reaction can be reversed by running a current into the cell with a battery charger to recharge it, regenerating the chemical reactants.
Primary cells are made in a range of standard sizes to power small household appliances such as flashlights and portable radios.
Due to the toxic heavy metals and strong acids they contain, batteries are hazardous waste.
Most municipalities classify them as such and require separate disposal.
Due to their high pollutant content compared to their small energy content, the primary battery is considered a wasteful, environmentally unfriendly technology.
Due mainly to increasing sales of wireless devices and cordless tools which cannot be economically powered by primary batteries and come with integral rechargeable batteries, the secondary battery industry has high growth and has slowly been replacing the primary battery in high end products.
Flashlight power demands were reduced by the switch from incandescent bulbs to light-emitting diodes.
The remaining market experienced increased competition from private- or no-label versions.
China became the largest battery market, with demand projected to climb faster than anywhere else, and has also shifted to alkaline cells.
In other developing countries disposable batteries must compete with cheap wind-up, wind-powered and rechargeable devices that have proliferated.
Primary batteries are useful where long periods of storage are required; a primary battery can be constructed to have a lower self-discharge rate than a rechargeable battery, so all its capacity is available for useful purposes.
Applications that require a small current for a long time, for example a smoke detector, also use primary batteries since the self-discharge current of a rechargeable battery would exceed the load current and limit service time to a few days or weeks.
For example, a flashlight used for emergencies must work when needed, even if it has sat on a shelf for a long time.
Primary cells are also more cost-efficient in this case, as rechargeable batteries would use only a small fraction of available recharge cycles.
Such constructions are expensive but are found in applications like munitions, which may be stored for years before use.
Third-party devices are manufactured and represented as being able to recharge primary cells.
The internal chemical reactions of a primary cell are not easily reversed by externally applied currents, so reactants do not entirely return to their initial state and location.
Recharged primary cells will not have the life or performance of secondary cells.
This means that hydrogen accumulates at the cathode and reduces the effectiveness of the cell.
To reduce the effects of polarization in commercial cells and to extend their lives, chemical depolarization is used; that is, an oxidizing agent is added to the cell, to oxidize the hydrogen to water.
Attempts have been made to make simple cells self-depolarizing by roughening the surface of the copper plate to facilitate the detachment of hydrogen bubbles with little success.
The reason is that these terms are related to the direction of passage of electric charges (ions) through the electrolyte, not in the external circuit.
Inside the cell the anode is the electrode where chemical oxidation occurs, as it donates electrons to the circuit.
The cathode is defined as the electrode where chemical reduction occurs, as it accepts electrons from the circuit.
The army had been badly defeated there, and retreated in disarray.
The king is said to have been greatly saddened by the news.
While it was once supposed that such materials were to be relied upon, many modern historians doubt whether genealogies can be taken as evidence for anything more than political aspirations and beliefs in the milieu in which they were compiled.
What followed the inauguration was "a surprisingly unpropitious reign for so famous a king".
He had the foresight to realize that aviation was going to expand rapidly in the next few years.
He developed a passion for flight, and pioneered many techniques for navigating airplanes over the open ocean including drift indicators, the sun compass and bubble sextants.
As a result, he employed aircraft in all of his future expeditions.
Photographic expeditions and geological surveys were undertaken for the duration of that summer, and constant radio communications were maintained with the outside world.
The first two trips were failures due to darkness, snow, and mechanical troubles.
The rest of the men returned to base camp with the tractor.
The project included extensive studies of geology, biology, meteorology and exploration.
Byrd received numerous medals from non-governmental organizations in honor of his achievements.
This hazardous flight was made under extreme conditions of cold, over ranges and plateaus extending nine to ten thousand feet above sea level and beyond probable rescue of personnel had a forced landing occurred.
In all assignments his thoroughness, attention to detail, keen discernment, professional judgment and zeal produced highly successful results.
The story was fifteen pages long and published in weekly episodes.
As intended, he used it as the basis for his story.
Barks would later use the treasure-hunting theme in many of his own stories.
The comic version had already diverged from the animated one in a number of ways.
Pete, however, remained his villain of choice for the first few years of his comic book work.
When he had finished with it, very little of the original remained.
Barks had made his point by improving the original script beyond what had been expected of him.
His production during that year seems to be at the pace he would follow for much of the following decade.
But in others they proved remarkably resourceful and inventive, often helping their uncle out of a difficult situation.
But most of the time, they would appear to have developed a deeper understanding of things and level of maturity than their uncle.
But when they misinterpret a number of chance events to be covert attacks by their respective neighbor, they resume their fighting with renewed determination.
The two neighbors had to find new houses to rent.
But to their disappointment, they found themselves as next-door neighbors.
The two irrational and easily irritated neighbors would serve as the focus of a number of short stories.
Scrooge planned to entertain himself by inviting his nephews to his mountain cabin and then scaring them out of it.
Scrooge would later express his doubts that the latter constitutes an actual familial relationship.
Donald is said to have constructed it himself from spare parts of various sources.
The car's constant breakdowns and need of repairs is often used as a source of humor.
The ads were also the subject of attacks and calls for censorship by temperance-oriented groups.
He was frequently invited to give presentations at conferences and to speak to elementary and secondary school students on creative writing.
Bell says he likes to write for young people because they are "the best audience: they are loyal to the writers they like and they are enthusiastic readers".
Stories and poems were transmitted down generations by oral tradition.
This is a period of strong influence of the costumbrismo and overall nationalist motifs.
The proliferation of community centres (kultur etxeak) and private music venues have set the foundations of a vibrant music scene, complementing the existing squat circuit catering to emerging bands.
Basque pelota (especially esku-huska, handball) and rowing races are highly popular, while traditional bowls or hole drilling have remained largely local, limited to occasional events and celebrations.
It is made of rice flour, and filled with sugar, ground walnuts or hazelnuts, cardamom, cinnamon, ginger and spice, fried in hot oil or fat.
Made of rice flour, wheat flour, sugar, almonds, walnuts, and cinnamon, it is slowly fried in oil.
Its position was crucial to the exchange of desert and forest goods.
The leaves are palmately compound, with five leaflets, each divided into deeply toothed subleaflets with jagged, thorny tips.
Fruits are similar to the common blackberry, with a unique, fruitier flavour.
The fruits are not true berries in the botanical sense.
The fruits of this plant are eagerly consumed by a number of animal species, including many birds and mammals.
Despite this, she persuades him to drink until he is drunk, then to come to her bedroom, or at least kiss her farewell.
She tries to lure the bird down from the tree but it tells her that she will kill it if it comes within reach.
There is a constant green backdrop in the background of the video.
Body language is a stand-out feature of the video and after many varying forms of it, the pair slow dance at the end of the video.
The larvae feed on hardwood, such as oaks, maple, hickory, and ash.
This page is a glossary of terms in invariant theory.
For descriptions of particular invariant rings, see invariants of a binary form, symmetric polynomials.
For geometric terms used in invariant theory see the glossary of classical algebraic geometry.
When the first ) has a circumflex or arrow on top of it, this means that the binomial coefficients are omitted.
The absolute invariant is essentially the j-invariant of an elliptic curve.
An absolute invariant is something fixed by a group action, in other words a (relative) invariant (something that transforms according to a character) where the character is trivial.
An alternant matrix is a matrix such that the entries of each column are given by some fixed function of a variable.
It is related to the canonical form of a form.
Essentially a relative invariant of a product of two general linear groups.
For example a combinative covariant is a covariant of a product of two groups.
The degree of a form is the total power of the variables in it.
The degree of an invariant or covariant or contravariant means its degree in terms of the coefficients of the form.
The degree of a form considered as a form is usually not its degree when considered as a covariant.
Some authors exchange the meanings of "degree" and "order" of a covariant or concomitant.
The discriminant of a form vanishes when the corresponding hypersurface has singularities (as a scheme).
The second fundamental theorem describes the syzygies between the generators.
A fundamental invariant is an element of a set of generators for a ring of invariants.
A fundamental system is a set of generators (for a ring of invariants, covariants, and so on).
Gordan's theorem states that the ring of invariants of a binary form (or several binary forms) is finitely generated.
Hilbert's theorem states that the ring of invariants of a finite-dimensional representation of a reductive group is finitely generated.
A homographic transformation is a transformation taking x to (ax+b)/(cx+d).
In classical invariant theory it often refers to relatively invariant polynomials in the coefficients of a quantic, considered as a representation of a general linear group.
This may mean an intersection of n hypersurfaces in n-dimensional projective space.
The degree of a covariant or concomitant in the variables of a form.
Some authors interchange the meaning of "degree" and "order" of a covariant.
Used to form compound adjectives such as quadro-linear, quadro-quadric, and so on, indicating the bidegree of something.
A contravariant of a ternary form, giving the equation of a dual curve.
A joint invariant of two binary forms that vanishes when they have a common root.
More generally a (multivariate) resultant is a joint invariant of n forms in n variables that vanishes if they have a common nontrivial zero.
The leading term of a covariant, also called its source.
For binary forms skew invariants are the invariants of odd weight.
They do not exist for binary quadrics, cubics, or quartics, but do for binary quintics.
The power of the determinant appearing in the formula for transformation of a relative invariant.
The weight of ai is i, and the weight of a product of monomials is the sum of their weights.
Generally the party had its main base in urban areas, and could not muster rural tribal forces against the government.
The party had some links with junior army officers, but could not build up a strong military structure.
She believed the characters had evolved from the first film.
Hall felt the first film had "the joy of the wedding" and in the sequel "they come together for the holidays, but it's deeper than that.
All of the cast was seen as having a "perfect mix of charisma and likability".
She revealed what members of the cast partied the most in the film shortly before the movie's release.
Bob had made a television movie about scleroderma years ago because his sister had died from it.
There are two main artists responsible for the character designs and illustrations.
Earlier games also have a referee in the background, officiating the match.
The war caused by the conflict gains the interest from several warriors.
He sees the foe as a chance to sharpen his swordsmanship.
Though several fighters attempt to slay the fiend, these two are successful in defeating him, apparently killing him in the process.
Zankuro eventually finds the error of his ways and retires to hermitage, only agreeing to kill skillful warriors in duels.
He dies complimenting the winner and his body is entombed.
Amakusa revives his efforts for revenge and steals the fallen warrior as an implement for destruction.
This time, his spirit is split into two halves, one good and just; the other corrupt and ambitious.
Her awakening causes several worldwide disasters, and though her spirit is awake, she has yet to ascend to the human realm.
She silently re-inserts the unborn children, and waits for them to grow into superhuman warriors.
Upon their adulthood, she appears before all of them and brainwashed all of them to become her loyal slaves through a magical puppet show.
Twenty years pass, with the age of samurai and swordsmen drawing to a close.
Those not abiding to the peaceful change of era are outlawed to a prisoner island.
The series was the first fighting game to feature characters who could use animals to help them during their fights (i.e.
All the characters from the game were present for a cameo, however, several lacked importance to the progression of the plot (i.e.
Unlike most game-based anime, the voices were supplied by the same actors as in the game.
The events of the story are meant to take place during the time of peace between the first and second games of the series.
Nakoruru, though glad that there is serenity, experiences several premonitions of devastation and is haunted by the thought of further bloodshed.
Mederma is a topical product used to improve scar appearance.
Mederma's marketing claims it can make scars "softer, smoother, and less noticeable".
Basic research and animal testing suggest the gel could be effective.
Onions contain a readily available and highly researched bioflavonoid with antihistamine and antiproliferative effects on both normal and malignant cells.
Importantly, postcranial material of this species has been recovered, which is unusual this genus.
Various bands playing jug band, blues, psychedelic, folk, country and other styles co-existed there for a few years.
The choir repertoire includes compositions from the renaissance until present times.
Each race is the same distance, as it would be if the two classes were running together.
By starting the cars separately, the organisers hoped for safer starts by having the two classes of cars race separately.
His correspondence indicates that he was more interested in experimentation and development of the iron making techniques than running a viable business.
Above this layer of gravel is another layer of fine river channel sands, where the skull was found.
Camelops probably could travel long distances, similar to the living camel.
The result of movement of humans and the growth of the human population was the reduction in prey ranges for the megafauna.
However some have been interpreted as having been killed by humans based on spirally fractured bone fragments.
Further studies of the fossil remains proved inconclusive as to their identity as several diagnostic elements of the skeleton were not preserved or were removed from the site during previous excavations in the same area.
In the summer, when the canopy blocks out a lot of the sunlight, the ground is covered of less light-demanding species, such as various ferns.
In addition, there are many different species of lichens in the nature reserve.
Elk and deer sometimes seek out to the stream to drink the water.
There are also smaller mammals, such as badger, mink and stoat.
The population of red fox has become smaller because of scabies.
There are still ruins of this mill in the nature reserve.
It was used to extract linseed oil, but also to grind grain.
After two years, the mill was taken out of service because of the low pressure on the water.
In the fall it was clear that the salmon had reproduced again at the original areas, which was is not possible for hundreds of years because of the dams.
This colorless crystalline salt, similar in appearance to sugar, is highly soluble in water.
The moist solid emits small amounts of hydrogen cyanide due to hydrolysis, which smells like bitter almonds.
Not everyone, however, can smell this; the ability to do so is a genetic trait.
The taste of potassium cyanide has been described as acrid with a burning sensation.
Despite the cyanide ions being diatomic, and thus less symmetric than chloride, they rotate so rapidly, their time-averaged shape is spherical.
At low temperature and high pressure, this free rotation is hindered, resulting in a less symmetric crystal structure with the cyanide ions arranged in sheets.
This reveals and stabilizes the image, making it no longer sensitive to light.
This prevents the body from oxidizing food to produce useful energy.
Lactic acidosis then occurs as a consequence of anaerobic metabolism.
Initially, acute cyanide poisoning causes a red or ruddy complexion in the victim because the tissues are not able to use the oxygen in the blood.
The effects of potassium and sodium cyanide are identical, and symptoms of poisoning typically occur within a few minutes of ingesting the substance: the person loses consciousness, and brain death eventually follows.
It consists of a two-story, five bay, central section flanked by one-story wings.
It has a slate hipped roof and features a full width front porch and an elliptical portico at the main entry.
He also founded a school in the same place, which soon became famous and attracted thousands of scholars.
For many centuries the primates were accustomed to make circuits and visitations through various parts of the country for the collection of their dues.
During the whole time he spent in the diocese, he was hiding in woods and caves and never had any bed but a cloak thrown over straw.
He also suffered considerably from the persecution, and spent most of his time in hiding.
The persecution having subsided to a great extent, he was not harried like his predecessors, but nevertheless could not be induced to live permanently in his diocese, a circumstance which was the occasion of much discontent among his clergy and led to a temporary suspension from his duties.
He lived and died with the reputation of a saint.
He devoted himself for several years to the task of beautifying and completing in every sense the noble edifice.
The journal focuses on issues and concerns that impact the criminal justice system, including the social, political and economic contexts of criminal justice.
Many of her novels were written in the form of magazine serials and not published in book form.
Both parties to the merger relied on their junior clubs to continue in junior competitions.
At the party, she finds out she is pregnant and that her birth control pills have been tampered with.
It is one of the prominent business centres in the city.
The buildings have been built into the mountain and are interconnected.
Courtyards and roofs both serve as pedestrian areas similar to streets.
However, the small streets and many stairs simply wouldn't make it possible for vehicles to enter.
A cold closet, barn and stable are located on the floor below, which are connected to the upper floor by several narrow steps inside the building.
Traditional and local architects of this historical town have adopted special and intellectual plans for creating visual attractions in expression and creation of girih tiling in the walls of the monuments.
Geometric designs (both normal and abnormal) and purely geometric interlaced patterns involve mental imaginary forms which are essentially superior to the perception- based naturalistic images.
Chinese knotting is not specifically a certain decoration or a means of conveying the emotions of the artist, but also the point of making them regarding to two ways: acting on the basis of their own knowledge and guiding others towards this knowledge.
Islamic artists have applied local materials in accordance to the functional requirements and cultural issues of each region.
Wood is used in this region due to its climatic condition and the need to a good thermal isolation against heat and cold weather.
Also, wood is the first material being applied in openings.
His interests other than hockey include golf and watching baseball.
The temple is located on a block of land of one hectare in size.
It comprises a main ceremonial hall, a patriarch hall, living and dining quarters for the sangha and separate facilities for various educational institutions.
One either side of the main hall are reading rooms of the temple's library, which stocks a large range of religious documents.
The upper storey contains the guest room and the office of the abbot.
Monks and nuns are accepted through an examination process to start a four-year course.
The new version includes some bonus material, two live videos and two demos of previously unreleased songs.
The public is allowed to access the shore daily from dawn to dusk.
There are no boat ramps or swimming areas along the lake shore, but it can be fished from the shore.
Dan, nervous, leaves immediately, but as he turns back, he sees the man standing on the roof.
Dan keeps a diary and is surprised that his mind is so troubled, that he is used to it.
He travels around the world for six years, learning new physical teachings, but is unable to find peace.
A thunderstorms breaks out and the two go inside a cave.
Dan experiences a vision where he dies but still remains conscious.
The results in the semi finals were decided by televoting, while the final was a mixture of jury and televoting.
The arrangement allows the front passenger to sit forward of the driver, giving increased rear passenger legroom.
Chauncey broke off the pursuit about mid-afternoon, lest his fleet be endangered by a threatening storm.
They provided much-needed flour and lumber for the growing village.
The projects involve a variety of projects related to economic development, heath and wellness, education, and tourism.
A community recreation center is in progress as well as a tourism and visitor center.
This program involved the purchase and demolition of buildings within the flood plain, converting low-lying areas of town to parks, and the installation of a flood wall to protect downtown.
City planners also vowed to no longer build new structures in the existing flood plains.
Many of the worst-hit parts of town were now void of homes and businesses but there was still damage and extensive clean-up required.
Austin residents noticed debris raining out of the sky, such as straw and laundry.
The twister lifted briefly, touching down in the city fairgrounds and hitting the grandstand roof, tearing off parts and damaging beams.
While the twister dissipated shortly after hitting town, notable damage occurred in both cities.
Winters are cold and snowy, while summers are warm with moderate to high humidity.
There are more than ten miles of trail, giving visitors the opportunity to see deer, mink, raccoons, salamanders, many different birds and other native wildlife.
For travel within the city, there is also local taxi service available.
Both primary care and specialty care services are available locally.
The campus also provides emergency and urgent care services, a complete pharmacy, and a recently expanded pediatrics department.
The institute is currently undergoing a significant expansion that will result in a facility twice the size of the original campus.
They had a reputation as a luxury carriage builder and the company prospered.
The shows were also a good place to show off the newest models with the latest technology.
The company also manufactured the police department's first motorized morgue wagon.
No goods will be sent from factory except on a bona-fide sale.
In case of overcharge or delay in transit, the purchasers' recourse is on the carrier.
The company had vacant land adjourning the property that was planned for future construction.
It was a local mystery for years because no one knew why the house was up there.
It reportedly also held a water tank at one time.
As a result, the company could not adapt to mass production.
He later made an attempt to produce typewriters, but the effort did not succeed.
The station was situated in a cutting which was crossed by a road bridge at the western end of the station.
The magazine has featured short stories which have been short-listed and won literary awards.
More than a thousand gemstones were used in the creation of the artwork.
On the shrine's long sides there are fire-gilt figures of the twelve apostles.
At the beginning of each pilgrimage period, however, the lock is broken with a hammer, in order to open the shrine once more.
The gilt silver was tarnished, a portion had been lost, another had received only makeshift repairs and had taken many dents, cracks, and holes as a result of the passage of time.
Over three thousand parts had to be replaced, cleaned, and repaired.
Every year it is inspected and removed from the vitrine and cleaned as necessary.
In agriculture and gardening, hybrid seed is seed produced by cross-pollinated plants.
Hybrid seed production is predominant in modern agriculture and home gardening.
The alternatives to hybridization are open pollination and clonal propagation.
All of the hybrid seeds planted by the farmer will produce similar plants, while the seeds of the next generation from those hybrids will not consistently have the desired characteristics.
Controlled hybrids provide very uniform characteristics because they are produced by crossing two inbred strains.
Elite inbred strains are used that express well-documented and consistent phenotypes (such as high crop yield) that are relatively good for inbred plants.
Hybrids are chosen to improve the characteristics of the resulting plants, such as better yield, greater uniformity, improved color, disease resistance.
Crossing any particular pair of inbred strains may or may not result in superior offspring.
The parent strains used are therefore carefully chosen so as to achieve the uniformity that comes from the uniformity of the parents, and the superior performance that comes from heterosis.
An optic provides information-gathering abilities as well as aiding aiming of support weapons such as machine guns and mortars.
Some intermediate models used separate gas blocks and barrel attached bayonet lugs.
The reason for the day is to tackle the issues of mental illness, raise awareness, and celebrate emotional well-being.
The chieftain accepts the government's terms and returns to the reservation.
He stumbles upon a she-bear which kills him, though not before he fatally wounds her with a gunshot.
The author later demanded that her name be removed from the credits, though it remained there.
Mach's film was one of those deemed innocuous enough to remain unscathed by censures.
The use of religion, in the form of the bear cub saved from the cave, is an "improbable narrative...
They had music already prepared, but did not have lyrics and required a vocalist.
Throughout all of this, the band members suffered from poverty, homelessness, and substance abuse, panhandling for change in order to buy food.
They played for various record executives, but received little interest.
Eventually, after sending copies of their demo to many record companies, they began to receive offers.
He was later forced to return to his home country when he couldn't get a working visa.
Nineteen songs were recorded, but they instead decided to save the songs for a future release.
I think a lot of the stuff is very much more poetic and lyrical, and the sound is more retro and raw with less production".
He said that in practical terms any engineer must apply his know-how with an eye to the social, economic, geographic, education and natural resources of his/her country.
During primary school his eyesight deteriorated due to juvenile macular degeneration.
This makes it possible to use it for cell culture work.
He served the church for the remainder of his life.
During his nearly four years with them, he was promoted to merchandise manager.
Like some other private sector executives, he took a pay cut to join public service.
Magruder had testified that he thought that he was helping establish a legal intelligence-gathering operation.
He was charged with failure to maintain an assured clear distance and failure to stop after an accident or collision.
Again he would display his productivity, with the injury to his eye proving little obstruction to his natural goal scoring ability.
As he thrusts the foil and advances, the background abruptly disappears, leaving a plain white screen.
However, instead of a castle from the original scene, the animator paints a farm scene.
Daffy returns and starts to repeat his musketeer opening, but quickly notices the different background.
Daffy tries to play it but there is nothing but silence.
He requests sound with a sign and is granted various non-guitar sound effects.
Daffy also finds himself generating random sound effects when he tries to speak, and finally regains his voice when he blows his top and shouts angrily at the animator.
The duck excitedly flies around until a mountain is drawn in his path.
He "bails" out of the plane's remains and floats downward with his parachute which is replaced with an anvil.
The animator changes the anvil into an artillery shell which explodes after a few more hammer strikes.
The film contains many examples of self-referential humor, breaking the fourth wall.
He specialized in portraits, becoming well known for his miniatures painted on ivory, and gave some lessons.
It is the only known tree climbing freshwater crab found in the country.
The water bodies of central hills are invaded by exotic species of fish and other aquatic flora and usage of many areas for human habitations are known to harm the animal.
They are also collected illegally and used for many purposes local and overseas.
Trapped in the classroom, they were due to have the important test in the next day.
Logan finally admits to the gang who is angry and annoyed with him for stealing the necklace and almost getting them all killed.
The dean is elected by the students and members of staff and faculty, who becomes the head of the university board, and is responsible for the academic programmes and activities.
The university director is the head of administration, and is responsible for all economic and administrative affairs.
Around that same time, he began building a streetcar line in the city.
He stated that he wished to focus on treatment for alcohol abuse.
The use of the river by boat traffic and the steep sides of the gorge meant that any bridge should ideally be of a single span, and sufficiently high to allow tall ships to pass underneath.
The steepness and instability of the banks was problematic for building a bridge, and there was no point where roads on opposite sides of the river converged.
Unusually the bridge was left incomplete, being missing two of its lower arch sections on the town side.
These sections were cast and added much later, however they were cast hollow and not solid, as the rest of the bridge is, pointing to their completion work as being more of an aesthetic than necessary exercise.
Components were cast individually to fit with each other, rather than being of standard sizes, with discrepancies of up to several centimeters between 'identical' components in different locations.
Two supplemental arches, of similar cast iron construction, carry a towpath on the south bank and also act as flood arches.
A stone arch carries a small path on the north, town, bank.
The trustees, as well as local hotel keepers and coach operators, promoted interest in the bridge among members of polite society.
The tolls collected only marginally covered the cost of collection, leaving no money for conservation, and the bridge had not been cleaned or painted for many years.
Filling material was removed from the south abutment to reduce its weight, and the arch through it was reinforced with concrete.
The road surface was replaced with a lighter macadam, the stone of the abutments was renewed and the toll-house was restored as an information centre.
The bridge was also repainted and minor repairs were carried out.
They each wear very detailed masks and costumes at all times when representing the band and rarely break character.
He gets his name from the wound on his neck caused by an arrow.
The deities were represented by their busts or statues, or by portable figures of wood, with heads of bronze, wax or marble, and covered with drapery.
The couch was set out in the open street, and a meal placed before it on a table.
The feast lasted for eight (or seven) days, and was also celebrated by private individuals.
The citizens kept open house, quarrels were forgotten, debtors and prisoners were released, and everything done to banish sorrow.
It is a thermally stable compound and easily undergoes vacuum sublimation.
Additionally, in most cases the first ear in the sequence must be a cycle.
An open ear decomposition or a proper ear decomposition is an ear decomposition in which the two endpoints of each ear after the first are distinct from each other.
Ear decompositions may be used to characterize several important graph classes, and as part of efficient graph algorithms.
In both cases the number of ears is necessarily equal to the circuit rank of the given graph.
Structures closely related to non-separating ear decompositions of maximal planar graphs, called canonical orderings, are also a standard tool in graph drawing.
A directed graph is strongly connected if it contains a directed path from every vertex to every other vertex.
A factor-critical graph is a graph with an odd number of vertices, such that for each vertex v, if v is removed from the graph then the remaining vertices have a perfect matching.
A series-parallel graph is a graph with two designated terminals s and t that can be formed recursively by combining smaller series-parallel graphs in one of two ways: series composition (identifying one terminal from one smaller graph with one terminal from the other smaller graph, and keeping the other two terminals as the terminals of the combined graph) and parallel composition (identifying both pairs of terminals from the two smaller graphs).
The approach is based on computing a special ear decomposition named chain decomposition by one path-generating rule.
Form an ear for each non-tree edge, consisting of it and the tree edges for which it is the master, and order the ears by their master edges' distance from the root (with the same tie-breaking rule).
These algorithms may be used as subroutines for other problems including testing connectivity, recognizing series-parallel graphs, and constructing st-numberings of graphs (an important subroutine in planarity testing).
A cartoonist, recording the event, was reputed to have been unable to spell dachshund, so wrote hot dogs instead.
The family has since acquired the original cartoon and has preserved it.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
That is what my constituents told me they wanted when they sent me here, and they have got it.
It was a most unworthy thing for any man to say here.
Some ethnic groups made their accommodation with the colonizers and others did not, in effect pitting one southern ethnic group against another in the context of foreign rule.
He argues that hundreds of years of population growth created expansion, which eventually led to raids and wars.
Cattle are particularly important in their role as bride wealth, where they are given by a husband's lineage to his wife's lineage.
It is this exchange of cattle which ensures that the children will be considered to belong to the husband's lineage and to his line of descent.
A barren woman can even take a wife of her own, whose children (obviously biologically fathered by men from outside unions) then become members of her patrilineage, and she is legally and culturally their father, allowing her to participate in reproduction in a metaphorical sense.
To him they are considered gol which is far more intimate and significant.
There is a balance between the mother and father's side that is acknowledged through particular formal occasions such as marriage.
If a young girl gets engaged at an early age, the wedding and consummation ceremonies are essentially delayed.
Women generally give birth to their first children when they are mature enough to bear them.
As long as a girl marries a man with cattle, she pretty much has the free will to choose her mate.
Now, her parents can choose a mate for her, but they ask for her consent.
It is quite tough for parents to force their daughter to marry a man she isn't attracted to or simply dislikes.
The soul that signifies the human individuality and personality remains alive as a shadow or a reflection, and departs together with the ox sacrificed, to the place of the ghosts.".
The most common initiation pattern among males consists of six parallel horizontal lines which are cut across the forehead with a razor, often with a dip in the lines above the nose.
Gat, meaning "son of", is a common prefix for male names.
The father's given name follows the child's given name, which is then followed by the grandfather's name, and so on.
Each type of cattle is titled according to how they are acquired such as: "the cattle of money" (purchased with cash currency) and "the cattle of girls/daughters" (bridewealth).
The boys usually chose the name of their favorite cattle based on the form and color of the ox.
The girls are named after the cows that they milk.
The new construction work destroyed many homes and impoverished the lives of the local inhabitants.
Subsequent employment at the docks and wharves was always subject to the vagaries of the weather and of market forces.
Nevertheless, when his design was selected there were accusations of preferential treatment.
Behind the altar was a stained glass window, the design of which was criticised so much that it is said the artist committed suicide.
Structurally, the roof had to be supported by a high steel grid, masked by four substantial pillars and the plaster-covered beams in the ceiling.
This was replaced by a modern steel and concrete structure and a new floor incorporating a heating and air-conditioning system.
The actually church is surrounded by buildings in an artificial platform formed by walled courtyard that sunk from the roadway.
The lateral doorways are surmounted by rectangular inscriptions and framed windows surmounted by cornices.
The interior naves are separated by five rounded-arches over rectangular pillars, with salient bases and capitals in granite.
These naves are covered by wood ceilings and false vaults over granite cornices.
In the third pillar opposite the epistle is a wooden pulpit, with rectangular basin over corbels (also in wood) that contort around the pillar with guardrail decorated in palms and crosses, surmounted by baldachin and reached by stone stairs, with guard of wooden balusters, skirting the pillar.
The archways are surmounted by cornice with curvilinear angles, interconnect with the lateral cornice work.
If the sketch artist knew how to create something, and if the designer was fond of that person, they'd kind of work together sometimes, and it gave the sketch artist a chance to create, and it gave the designer another pocket to take from.
You have to really make a sketch that everybody's excited about.
I didn't realize at the time that he was the finest designer that the business has ever had.
Ensure respect for constitutional rights and guarantees in judicial proceedings.
Ensure speedy trail of the administration of justice, pre-judgment and due process.
Perform actions that might arise to enforce the liability may be incurred by public officials.
To order and direct criminal investigation of the perpetration of offenses.
Represent the interests of society by exercising the powers of management of the investigation of the facts that line to be criminal.
Due to it running through a mainly rural setting, many of the junctions along its route feature hitchhiking posts called trempiadas.
By then he had acquired a reputation, which he had encouraged, as a "roistering, drunken and doomed poet".
Their relationship was defined by alcoholism and was mutually destructive.
Thomas came to be appreciated as a popular poet during his lifetime, though he found earning a living as a writer difficult.
He began augmenting his income with reading tours and radio broadcasts.
His readings there brought him a degree of fame, while his erratic behaviour and drinking worsened.
He is noted for his original, rhythmic and ingenious use of words and imagery.
His position as one of the great modern poets has been much discussed, and he remains popular with the public.
Thomas had bronchitis and asthma in childhood and struggled with these throughout his life.
Thomas was indulged by his mother and enjoyed being mollycoddled, a trait he carried into adulthood, and he was skilful in gaining attention and sympathy.
He was an undistinguished pupil who shied away from school, preferring reading.
In his first year one of his poems was published in the school's magazine, and before he left he became its editor.
This was because his mother had done it for him all his life, an example of her coddling him.
Thomas refused to align himself with them and declined to sign their manifesto.
He later stated that he believed they were "intellectual muckpots leaning on a theory".
At this time he borrowed heavily from friends and acquaintances.
Coughing sometimes confined him to bed, and he had a history of bringing up blood and mucus.
Saddened to see his friends going on active service, he continued drinking and struggled to support his family.
He wrote begging letters to random literary figures asking for support, a plan he hoped would provide a long-term regular income.
Thomas was employed not only for his poetry readings, but for discussions and critiques.
Thomas acquired a garage a hundred yards from the house on a cliff ledge which he turned into his writing shed, and where he wrote several of his most acclaimed poems.
It was there that his father died and the funeral was held.
Thomas drank before some of his readings, though it is argued he may have pretended to be more affected by it than he actually was.
He was in a melancholy mood about the trip and his health was poor; he relied on an inhaler to aid his breathing and there were reports that he was suffering from blackouts.
The next day he visited a doctor for a smallpox-vaccination certificate.
Thomas told her he had had a terrible week, had missed her terribly and wanted to go to bed with her.
He went out in the evening to keep two drink appointments.
He was comatose, and his medical notes state that the "impression upon admission was acute alcoholic encephalopathy damage to the brain by alcohol, for which the patient was treated without response".
Despite his heavy drinking his liver showed no sign of cirrhosis.
Thomas's coffin was carried by six friends from the village.
Although influenced by the modern symbolism and surrealism movement he refused to follow its creed.
His images were carefully ordered in a patterned sequence, and his major theme was the unity of all life, the continuing process of life and death and new life that linked the generations.
Thomas saw biology as a magical transformation producing unity out of diversity, and in his poetry sought a poetic ritual to celebrate this unity.
He saw men and women locked in cycles of growth, love, procreation, new growth, death, and new life.
What the words stood for was of a very secondary importance ...
Those that have championed his work have found the criticism baffling.
Several of his poems have passed into the cultural mainstream, and his work has been used by authors, musicians and film and television writers.
He managed to sit some of his papers, and was awarded an upper second class degree.
The tables were at one time used for arithmetical calculations modulo prime powers, though like many mathematical tables they have now been replaced by digital computers.
This move also signified the beginning of the end of the more eclectic mix of music that had been the hallmark of the festival.
The zoo and its supporters protested the decision, claiming it is unclear if the zoo can continue to operate with the reduced budget.
The small apse in the northern part of the building has a tented roof and a round window.
The entrance doorway in the southern part has a pointed arch.
There are several picturesque half-timbered houses in the village centre.
She undertook this role "for the experience" and as a springboard for her career more than for celebrity and was less than pleased with some of the early attention she received.
There were weekend schedules and weekday schedules to enable career women and students alike to have a flexible period.
Using several specific criteria of aging, the mutant mice were found to display the same aging signs as control mice, but at a considerably earlier chronological age.
The position is generally filled by either the deputy leader of the governing party or the leader of the second-largest party in a governing coalition.
The deputy premier is always a member of the cabinet, and always holds at least one substantive portfolio, although it is technically possible for the deputy premier to hold only that title.
If the premier were to die, become incapacitated, or resign, the state governor would normally appoint the deputy premier as premier on an interim basis.
Should a different leader be chosen by the party, that person would then be appointed premier.
Fanciful though the story might seem, the account has led ancient and modern scholars to infer that he was not a professionally trained rhapsode, or he would have been presented with a lyre instead.
If he did write or dictate, it was perhaps as an aid to memory or because he lacked confidence in his ability to produce poems extempore, as trained rhapsodes could do.
It certainly wasn't in a quest for immortal fame since poets in his era had probably no such notions for themselves.
However, some scholars suspect the presence of large-scale changes in the text and attribute this to oral transmission.
This tradition follows a familiar ironic convention: the oracle that predicts accurately after all.
Hesiod certainly predates the lyric and elegiac poets whose work has come down to the modern era.
Other works attributed to him are only found now in fragments.
The surviving works and fragments were all written in the conventional metre and language of epic.
Hesiod has also been considered the father of gnomic verse.
He viewed the world from outside the charmed circle of aristocratic rulers, protesting against their injustices in a tone of voice that has been described as having a "grumpy quality redeemed by a gaunt dignity" but, as stated in the biography section, he could also change to suit the audience.
He seems in this case to be catering to two different world-views, one epic and aristocratic, the other unsympathetic to the heroic traditions of the aristocracy.
This poem is one of the earliest known musings on economic thought.
It describes immortals who roam the earth watching over justice and injustice.
The poem regards labor as the source of all good, in that both gods and men hate the idle, who resemble drones in a hive.
It was a mythological catalogue of the mortal women who had mated with gods, and of the offspring and descendants of these unions.
Melampodia, a genealogical poem that treats of the families of, and myths associated with, the great seers of mythology.
All three poets, for example, employed digamma inconsistently, sometimes allowing it to affect syllable length and meter, sometimes not.
The extent of variation depends on how the evidence is collected and interpreted but there is a clear trend, revealed for example in the following set of statistics.
The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Listeners can control the music by like/dislike the songs, and record themselves then send it to be played on the air.
Whatever song has the most likes when the previous one finishes is next to play.
This group of compounds has been extensively studied in tomato and related species, in which these compounds are produced and secreted from trichomes on the plant leaf and stem surface.
This enabled them to stay at somewhat higher ground during the hotter months of summer with malaria-bearing mosquitoes.
It has a rectangular plan with a semi-hexagonal bay in the rear.
There are central arched doors flanked by four over four light windows topped with two light semi-elliptical transoms.
There is a round stained glass window above the doorway.
The side elevations have five bays with four over four windows with similar semi-elliptical transoms.
The rear bay has two smaller four over four windows.
The interior has plain plaster walls, its original wooden pews, and wide pine floors.
It is screened by a paneled balustrade topped with a privacy curtain hung from turned posts that extend above each end of the balustrade.
A sketch of the floor plan and front and side elevations have been published.
Both its pinkish-gray color and its unusual shape make it a particularly notable geological landmark.
Over many thousands of years, the older sedimentary rock eroded and left the harder igneous formation.
The sedimentary rock acted as a mold for the intrusive magma, causing it to harden and cool where the sedimentary rock was strongest.
He is credited with having moved the museum collection into the modern era.
This took four years and included a whole new wing.
The area consists of large areas of mudflats, saltmarsh, sandflats and shingle ridges, some of which are vegetated.
The mud flats provide a habitat for a wide range of flora and fauna.
Fishing has taken place using shallow boats, known as flatners, and fixed wooden structures for hundreds of years.
The intertidal mud flats are, as a result, potentially dangerous and it is not uncommon for the emergency services to mount rescue operations on them.
The tidal range holds potential for energy generation and plans for a tidal barrage in the bay have been considered.
There are also sand dune belts which are managed for their protective function and as a wildlife habitat.
It is thought that it was also used for smuggling.
Along this coast the cliffs are layered with compressed strata of oil-bearing shale and blue, yellow and brown lias embedded with fossils.
They have moderate sitting balance, but good sitting balance while throwing.
Sports they can participate in include sitting volleyball, powerlifting, athletics, archery, and equestrian.
Sportspeople in this class use wheelchairs on a regular basis as a result of reduced muscle function.
They have low to moderate levels of balance issues while sitting, but maintain overall good balance from that position.
In terms of functional classification, this means the sportsperson uses a wheelchair, has moderate sitting balance, reduced limb function in their throwing limb but has good sitting balance while throwing.
Athletes in this class have normal functioning in their throwing arm.
In the past, the sport had a classification system and they were assigned to one of these classes.
Powerlifting is another sport open to people from this class where they compete against others with minimal disability requirements and are segregated based on weight.
Para-equestrian is another sport open to people from this class.
However, personal pronouns are only inflected in the grammatical cases and cannot be inflected in the locative cases.
However, the third person singular can be referred to it.
It features a one-story wraparound front porch with two formal entrances.
It was mentioned that the band were writing and demoing songs for their next album.
The interior is divided into two rooms with an interlocking log wall.
Staffed by professional technicians and equipped with a lighting grid and unique fly system, the semi-circular thrust stage is ideal for concerts, theatrical productions as well as the most demanding high-tech audiovisual presentations.
The star usually gives a snap of his life as a celebrity and offers gifts and special favors to the winning "fan".
The program also featured a special segment "club sandwich" in which a selected star is challenged to consume a "specially prepared" sandwich of various ingredients.
When these energy changes are large they can dictate the turn-over rate of the catalyst and hence its effectiveness.
Visitors are able to visit the underground roadway, team changing rooms and managers dugouts.
Both bordering nations are renowned for being the oldest international football teams in the world.
These cartoons formed a basis for the exhibition presented at the museum.
Every year, supporters and figures from within football propose some worthy entrants before the final decision for the list of the players.
Their function is to regulate - turn on and off - genes in order to make sure that they are expressed in the right cell at the right time and in the right amount throughout the life of the cell and the organism.
The number of transcription factors found within an organism increases with genome size, and larger genomes tend to have more transcription factors per gene.
Furthermore, genes are often flanked by several binding sites for distinct transcription factors, and efficient expression of each of these genes requires the cooperative action of several different transcription factors (see, for example, hepatocyte nuclear factors).
Depending on the transcription factor, the transcription of the adjacent gene is either up- or down-regulated.
Transcription factors use a variety of mechanisms for the regulation of gene expression.
The transcription factor can either do this directly or recruit other proteins with this catalytic activity.
As such, they are vital for many important cellular processes.
These transcription factors are critical to making sure that genes are expressed in the right cell at the right time and in the right amount, depending on the changing requirements of the organism.
Responding to stimuli, these transcription factors turn on/off the transcription of the appropriate genes, which, in turn, allows for changes in cell morphology or activities needed for cell fate determination and cellular differentiation.
When injected into plants, these proteins can enter the nucleus of the plant cell, bind plant promoter sequences, and activate transcription of plant genes that aid in bacterial infection.
This property likely makes it easier for these proteins to evolve in order to better compete with the defense mechanisms of the host cell.
Any of these steps can be regulated to affect the production (and thus activity) of a transcription factor.
An implication of this is that transcription factors can regulate themselves.
This is one mechanism to maintain low levels of a transcription factor in a cell.
Many proteins that are active in the nucleus contain nuclear localization signals that direct them to the nucleus.
But, for many transcription factors, this is a key point in their regulation.
Important classes of transcription factors such as some nuclear receptors must first bind a ligand while in the cytoplasm before they can relocate to the nucleus.
Pairs of transcription factors and other proteins can play antagonistic roles (activator versus repressor) in the regulation of the same gene.
Thus, for a single transcription factor to initiate transcription, all of these other proteins must also be present, and the transcription factor must be in a state where it can bind to them if necessary.
However, not all bases in the transcription factor-binding site may actually interact with the transcription factor.
In addition, some of these interactions may be weaker than others.
Thus, transcription factors do not bind just one sequence but are capable of binding a subset of closely related sequences, each with a different strength of interaction.
It is unlikely, however, that a transcription factor will bind all compatible sequences in the genome of the cell.
Thus, given the genome sequence it is still difficult to predict where a transcription factor will actually bind in a living cell.
Many transcription factors are either tumor suppressors or oncogenes, and, thus, mutations or aberrant regulation of them is associated with cancer.
In addition, transcription factors are often indirectly modulated by drugs through signaling cascades.
Once they occur as duplicates, accumulated mutations encoding for one copy can take place without negatively affecting the regulation of downstream targets.
In that respect, a single-copy transcription factor can undergo a change of specificity through a promiscuous intermediate without losing function.
Similar mechanisms have been proposed in the context of all alternative phylogenetic hypotheses, and the role of transcription factors in the evolution of all species.
Upstream transcription factors are proteins that bind somewhere upstream of the initiation site to stimulate or repress transcription.
These are roughly synonymous with specific transcription factors, because they vary considerably depending on what recognition sequences are present in the proximity of the gene.
The team got off to a good start, finishing in second place, their best finish for several seasons.
The singer has the range of a tenor and occasionally utilizes death growls in his singing.
Burnley uses baritone guitars and drop tunings to match the range of his voice.
It was during this era that his band got its name.
Burnley also suffers from hypochondria and a fear of the dark.
He says that he doesn't believe in a person's time to die and he wants to put off dying for as long as he possibly can, which is why he doesn't fly or even ride in a car unless it's necessary.
His works display good conception and execution, but are somewhat heavy in colouring.
It is considered groundbreaking for taking feature film production to the internet and bringing cybercrime into focus in film.
Club posted a very negative review, describing the film as "deeply stupid".
The white flowers are scented, appearing in spring (sometimes with limited repeat flowering in autumn).
C. ternata contains an alkaloid (ternanthranin), a volatile simple anthranilate, that was shown to have pain-killing effects in mice.
The tribe is governed by a democratically elected, nine-member tribal council.
It replaced older sexual offences laws with more specific and explicit wording.
It also created several new offences such as non-consensual voyeurism, assault by penetration, causing a child to watch a sexual act, and penetration of any part of a corpse.
A new offence of assault by penetration is defined as penetration with any object to the anus or vagina.
People who travel abroad with the intent to commit sexual offences can have their passports revoked or travel restricted.
Initially the legislation did not include uncles, aunts, nieces and nephews but after some debate these were written into the provision.
These are where the defendant deceives the victim to the nature or purpose of relevant act (i.e.
When this is proven, the law states that it is then conclusively presumed that the defendant did not believe that the complainant consented to the relevant act, and that the complainant did not consent to the relevant act.
This offense is necessary because the offense of rape requires penile penetration.
Therefore, non-consensual penetration with either another part of the body (such as the fingers), or an object, not being rape, must be prosecuted under this section.
We accept that genuinely mutually agreed, non-exploitative sexual activity between teenagers does take place and in many instances no harm comes from it.
It's astonishing that the government could consider legislation with the prior intent of issuing guidance to countermand it.
I worry about the message it sends to young people - it seems to say that sometimes the law means what it says and sometimes it doesn't.".
My counter-argument is that the criminal law is too dangerous a tool to be used for symbolic purposes.
With this on the statute book, it will give police and prosecutors a lot of discretion.
It could be used as a way of controlling kids who perhaps the police want to control for other reasons.
Kids who perhaps are a nuisance or who belong to a group who attract the attention of the police in some way.".
If the prosecution could not prove beyond reasonable doubt which offence had been committed, then the defendant could not be convicted of either.
If, however, he was weak in numbers, he was now again operating in a friendly country, able to find food almost everywhere and had easy lines of communication.
The word is analogous to chandelier, from which it was formed.
Most do not have secure rights to land and therefore, limited opportunity to build a better future for themselves and their family.
True ownership of land in the developing world determines access to shelter, income, education, healthcare, and improves economic and nutritional security.
Services include field assessments, institutional assessments, legislative drafting and policy advice, development of follow-on regulations, and procedures, technical support for legal assistance, social impact studies, implementation planning, implementation monitoring, training, public education programs, and program design and management.
There is great potential for change: with secure rights to land, women and girls can improve food security, education, health, and economic development for themselves and their families.
When women have secure rights to land, they can become investors in their family's future and ensure that their children's needs are met.
However, in much of the world, while women shoulder the burden of food production, they often don't have secure rights to the land they farm.
Although they till the fields, they are often barred from inheriting or owning those fields, a prerogative usually left for their husbands and fathers.
This helps legal practitioners and women's advocates create more effective and suitable programming.
Most girls leave their family homes with no economic asset of their own (such as land), leaving them vulnerable and powerless in their new homes.
This line-up first appeared on this album, and has remained stable to the present day.
The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet.
It bases its claims on the historical facts it asserts.
This group of top level champions, wish to make sport a tool for dialogue and social cohesion.
Second placed teams in the tournament played each other in the final play-off game to decide who joins the latter two and who is relegated along with other teams that participated in the promotion/relegation phase.
The institute conducts some of its research on grape and wine production at the estate.
The club operated differently from most professional sports clubs in terms of its operating profit.
As their chapters grew to other cities, they have since come under one umbrella.
During halftime, the new mascot was introduced to fans and supporters.
Having noticed that no one guarded the corpse, he took his beloved master's body and buried it secretly.
He wrote an original soundtrack to the film that can rightfully be placed on par with the best samples of world cinema music".
We are proud that a world-class musician agreed to work on our film.
There were two large buildings, one for production and one flight shed.
This is a spindly, branching annual herb reaching a maximum height of about half a meter.
Its thin stems have sparse narrow leaves a few centimeters long.
The occasional flowers are petite and usually white in color.
They received praise, and were entitled to wear buttons and other equipment decorated with a sphinx.
Lowe was forced to capitulate, but his forces were allowed to depart with full military honours.
The troops moved so rapidly through the island that the enemy did not have time to organize resistance.
Players race against the clock through obstacles and enemies, including bosses, and can change into three mech modes anytime during gameplay: rally mode, bike mode and robot mode, each varying in stats.
The meter ticks down rapidly every time damage is taken.
But there doesn't seem to be any life in it, until one of the members begins to believe that something is talking to her through her dreams.
He saw this as the end of his solo career, and began his search for band members.
With all the digital sounds in mainstream music, the only sounds that they felt could not be expressed and replicated were the guitar and the human voice.
As a result, they decided to keep it a two-man unit.
The two concentrated on recording, raising the quality of their music.
Tickets were sold out on the day they became available.
Becoming much more "bluesier" and soulful, this album evidently shows their lean towards blues, the roots of rock music.
This album was a kind of "fans trap", because they made it to "clean" their fandom and just keep the rock and blues loving people with them.
Loose was concentrated on the original concept of a two-man band.
While combining rock with pop, this album is well balanced with a variety of sounds.
He had been recording the album since the previous year, writing all the music and lyrics.
They did away with extra stage acts and concentrated on their musical performance, playing songs from the new album and many hits from the past.
Most of the shows were exclusive to fan club members.
Even though the shows were hit by typhoon and it rained very hard, it manage to still attract thousands of audience.
For the rest of the year, they worked mainly on their solo projects.
Soon after finishing each solo tour, they began recording together again.
For the album's recording, the duo were particularly worried about its live sound.
This marked their first appearance in a western video game.
Adapters are used to exchange data between a data source and a dataset.
In many applications, this means reading data from a database into a dataset, and then writing changed data from the dataset back to the database.
However, a data adapter can move data between any source and a dataset.
The data adapter makes it easy for you to accomplish these things by helping to manage data in a disconnected mode.
A data adapter contains a reference to the connection object and opens and closes the connection automatically when reading from or writing to the database.
All you need to do is tell the data adapter when to load from or write to the database.
Both major party candidates focused primarily on domestic issues, such as the budget, tax relief, and reforms for federal social insurance programs, although foreign policy was not ignored.
Nationwide, this was the fourth presidential election in which the winner received fewer votes than his opponent.
After the election, recounts conducted by various news media organizations continued a primary focus on ballots that machines read as not showing a vote.
Traditionally, the primary elections are indirect elections where voters cast ballots for a slate of party delegates pledged to a particular candidate.
The party's delegates then officially nominate a candidate to run on the party's behalf.
The focus of his campaign was a plan to spend the record-breaking budget surplus on a variety of social welfare programs to help the poor and the middle-class, along with campaign finance reform and gun control.
He was barred from attending an interview near the site of the third debate in spite of having a "perimeter pass".
In both states, two electoral votes are awarded to the winner of the statewide race and one electoral vote is awarded to the winner of each congressional district.
Their goal was to determine the reliability and accuracy of the systems used for the voting process.
Florida law disenfranchises convicted felons, requiring individual applications to regain suffrage.
Many voters had difficulties with the paper-based punch card voting machines and were either unable to understand the required process for voting or unable to perform the process.
A proposed solution to these problems was the installation of modern electronic voting machines.
Congress held hearings on this matter, and the networks claimed to have no intentional bias in their election night reporting.
Nader's reputation was hurt by this perception, which may have hindered his goals as an activist.
This band separates a dark brown basal area of the wing from a paler brown distal zone.
The following is a list of chief executive officers of notable companies.
However, his career has been full of injuries which have stopped him from playing.
He remained a rural-based politician renowned for selflessness and solidarity with the oppressed.
He suffered imprisonment for some days at that time along with his large numbers of followers.
He warned that there might be guerrilla warfare if the military government failed to do so.
A turbulent political scenario followed as coup and counter-coup took place.
This dark spider with yellow bands is often seen sheltering on tree bark.
She fired four of her torpedoes, reloading while submerged, and sank all three in less than an hour.
It was one of the most notable submarine actions of all time.
It is a two-story, irregularly shaped, evolutionary industrial brick building.
Generally, the water evaporated as the engine was operated and more water had to be added to the water jacket of the typical engine throughout the day.
If not drained, the water would freeze in the water jacket, the ice would expand when freezing and this expansion would crack the cast iron engine.
If water were left in the bowl-shaped water jacket of this new engine during a cold winter's night, the ice could expand harmlessly upwards and outwards without cracking the castings of the cylinder or engine.
To do this he needed to incorporate and take on some new investors.
In this way the feed grinder and engine would form a single unit which could easily be moved around the farm.
However, in an act of defiance against all forms of hatred or politics in sports, both sides presented one another with gifts and flowers and took ceremonial pictures before the match kickoff.
All of their matches have been competitive and they have never played a friendly match.
The rivalry is not such a football-inspired ill-feeling between the two, but more of geography, religion and history.
Most of these vessels have been decommissioned, due to the large maintenance overhead they require.
As a result, the long refit could not be planned.
He attacked the landlord and several customers at a public house; subsequently he attacked the police officer who drove him to the police station following his arrest, and a police inspector at the station.
He was charged with four counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and three counts of assault on a constable in the execution of his duty.
He tried to rely on his intoxication as a "defence" to the charges.
There is no definite authority or fixed rule on what constitutes a specific intent offence.
It is established that murder is but manslaughter is not; there are also specific intent elements in wounding with intent.
He was fascinated and curious of how radio worked until he decided to search for one of these stations.
The lake and the surrounding settlements is designated as a spiritual tourism area protected from modern development by the government.
During intense rain period, some temples along the shore can get inundated.
Within this mission, the office conducts independent technical, cost, schedule and management peer reviews of major construction projects, which include civil construction projects and the construction of large experimental equipment.
In the field of economics, the commodity value of a good is its free market intrinsic value under optimal use conditions.
In a free market, the commodity value of a good will be reflected by its price.
The price of a commodity fluctuates around its commodity value.
Commodity value is of particular significance in the study of currency.
For example, the commodity value of a coin is the value of the metal of which it is made.
Gold and silver coins have a high commodity value, whereas fiat coins such as modern day quarters have a low commodity value.
Because money becomes valuable not due to its substance, that is, its commodity value, but rather because of its performance, currencies tend to become token.
Non-collateralized debt, on the other hand, does not have a commodity value; it is valuable only insofar as it is repaid.
Whereas fiat currencies can devalue, often catastrophically, currencies with considerable commodity value are known to better maintain their value; a government can print as many fiat bills as it wants with relative ease, the same is not true of mining precious metals.
This leads some investors to purchase goods and debts with high commodity value, which are inherently safer than those with low, or no commodity value, minimizing risk by sacrificing potential return.
If she was found guilty, the punishment would have been the death penalty.
It is the repetition which gives the work its rhythm, a kind of pulse is established by stating and restating the idea.
A scientific demonstration is a scientific experiment carried out for the purposes of demonstrating scientific principles, rather than for hypothesis testing or knowledge gathering (although they may originally have been carried out for these purposes).
Most scientific demonstrations are simple laboratory demonstrations intended to demonstrate physical principles, often in a surprising or entertaining way.
Many scientific demonstrations are chosen for their combination of educational merit and entertainment value, which is often provided by dramatic phenomena such as explosions.
Many older well-known scientific demonstrations, once mainstays of science education, are now effectively impossible to demonstrate to an audience without breaking health and safety laws.
Some older demonstrations, such as allowing the audience to play with liquid mercury, are sufficiently dangerous that they should not be attempted by anyone under any circumstances.
In her research on interactive data visualization she has provided new approaches for plotting multivariate categorical data using mosaic plots, and making interactions with these plots, and linking between plots.
However, additional prefixes may be defined in the future to expand the available range of identifiers and/or expand the system to additional types of works.
The grouping is for ease of reading only; the numbers do not incorporate any information about the work's region, author, publisher, etc.
This program offers one elective in the second year and two in the third year and fourth year or a total of five electives which a student has to take aside from his regular load before he can graduate.
This is mainly achieved through a variety of horticulturally related tours, activities, and competitions organized at annual national conventions held each fall.
Preparations for these competitions help train youth in areas such as speech, presentation, and horticultural knowledge, but also, it is hoped, builds in them a greater appreciation for horticulture.
Additionally, the organization aims to enrich education and to guide youth to pursue a career in horticulture.
To develop good citizens with a basic understanding of nature and an acceptance of responsibility for the environment in which we live.
To acquaint youth with the many and varied career opportunities, both vocational and professional, available in the horticultural industry.
To provide young people and their adult leaders with new experiences in group participation, cooperation and leadership at the national level.
The program chairperson appoints national project leaders, and state program leaders.
The youth officers are nominated by that committee and are presented to the youth attending the convention.
The past president is the only officer who is not elected as they were elected to a two-year term when elected president.
Up to four youth coordinators are appointed by state leaders from their state's delegates attending the convention.
Youth coordinators act as ties between delegates and the national officer team and finding new youth and possible adult leaders.
The officers are elected yearly and must be active in the alumni.
When participating in the contests it is strongly encouraged that each youth practice their knowledge of horticulture though science and fact, as each participant is given points based on the horticulture science.
During its history, the station has suffered severe setbacks, although the city has been constantly developing.
The passenger tracks are served by three platforms accessible to users through a pedestrian underpass - lifts are available.
The stage show consisted of swapping instruments with each other for different songs.
In mathematics, nonlinear modelling is empirical or semi-empirical modelling which takes at least some nonlinearities into account.
Nonlinear modelling in practice therefore means modelling of phenomena in which independent variables affecting the system can show complex and synergetic nonlinear effects.
Contrary to traditional modelling methods, such as linear regression and basic statistical methods, nonlinear modelling can be utilized efficiently in a vast number of situations where traditional modelling is impractical or impossible.
The newer nonlinear modelling approaches include non-parametric methods, such as feedforward neural networks, kernel regression, multivariate splines, etc., which do not require a priori knowledge of the nonlinearities in the relations.
Thus the nonlinear modelling can utilize production data or experimental results while taking into account complex nonlinear behaviours of modelled phenomena which are in most cases practically impossible to be modelled by means of traditional mathematical approaches, such as phenomenological modelling.
Contrary to phenomenological modelling, nonlinear modelling can be utilized in processes and systems where the theory is deficient or there is a lack of fundamental understanding on the root causes of most crucial factors on system.
Phenomenological modelling describes a system in terms of laws of nature.
Nonlinear modelling can be utilized in situations where the phenomena are not well understood or expressed in mathematical terms.
Thus nonlinear modelling can be an efficient way to model new and complex situations where relationships of different variables are not known.
They were notorious for starting fights with audiences which drew police attention; members were also abusive to each other off-stage.
Their style was a discordant, noisy amalgam of hard garage rock and free jazz.
While the eels didn't play many shows, they rehearsed often, eventually making many recordings which were released many years after their demise.
That's what the eels was supposed to be, but we didn't really understand it".
The electric eels featured unconventional instrumentation initially, with no drummer nor anyone who was technically competent on any musical instruments.
Their rare performances did feature at various times, sheet metal hit with sledgehammers, anvils, a power lawnmower and fist fights.
This led to the description of their act as "art terrorism".
When gigs did happen, promoters were known to pull them half way through.
On their debut show the band were arrested by police for being drunk and disorderly.
Morton resisted arrest and gained a broken hand, which caused him to play their next gig, three weeks later with an improvised splint made from a slide rule and a wrench.
Drummers came and left during the history of the band, but bass guitar was always absent.
The excess hemoglobin is filtered by the kidney and reabsorbed in the proximal convoluted tubule, where the iron portion is removed and stored in ferritin or hemosiderin.
Circumstances turn him into a debtor and he is arrested in a cheating case, but he manages to solve all those problems with his father's pension money.
On the next day, while travelling in a bus, his father has a heart attack and is admitted to hospital.
Block's subjects cover a wide spectrum of social issues and problems including poverty, homelessness, medical issues, broken families, drugs, crime, and education.
He has also made videos for educational and medical support programs.
In this show, many military and civil aircraft as well as aerospace products were displayed.
Since then, the event has gradually earned international recognition, and has seen increased participation from exhibitors since then.
The show included both air displays as well as static exhibitions of military and civil aircraft.
Visitors also had a chance to get a glimpse of advanced missile systems, avionics suites, radars, and simulators.
Efforts are also being made to give exposure to students of technical and engineering colleges to encourage them to be part of the country's aim of becoming a design hub in aerospace technologies in the foreseeable future," the official added.
The highlight of the morning was the flight display in which several aircraft performed intricate manoeuvres.
He also mentions the simplification of offset procedures and mentioned the need to have strategic partnerships rather than buyer seller relationships.
He also stressed the need to export equipment and also to ensure that it does not fall into the wrong hands.
It is a relief gilt iron plate with a historical music box.
It was originally presented annually, but for several years has only been presented every second year.
As part of a long-standing tradition, each prize is presented in a 'winner's concert'.
A mixture of the waffle batter and the doughnut dough are first poured into a waffle iron, then deep fried and finally decorated, with toppings similar to doughnuts.
The first stage of preparation is to pour the batter, which is slightly thicker than regular waffle batter, into a waffle iron.
The final product can be glazed, frosted, and/or dunked in various toppings.
The railway is also used by freight trains operated by several railway companies.
Typically, the hair on the top of the head is long and parted on either the side or center, while the back and sides are buzzed very short.
Despite the fire risk, lots of paraffin wax was used to keep the hair in place.
The school provides boarding for children living within and those from outside the state or local government area.
The admiral, his lungs scorched very severely, was beyond help.
One original element in her choreography is the use of physical objects in the dance.
The dancer appears with a large tin on her head, and beats time on the tin as she dances.
The normalcy bias, or normality bias, is a belief people enter when facing a disaster.
It causes people to underestimate both the possibility of a disaster and its possible effects, because it causes people to have a bias to believe that things will always function the way things normally function.
This may result in situations where people fail to adequately prepare and, on a larger scale, the failure of governments to include the populace in its disaster preparations.
The assumption that is made in the case of the normalcy bias is that since one has never personally experienced a disaster, one never will.
It can result in the inability of people to cope with a disaster once it occurs.
People with a normalcy bias have difficulties reacting to something they have not experienced before.
They also tend to interpret warnings in the most optimistic way possible, seizing on any ambiguities to infer a less serious situation.
Normalcy bias is a form of denial where we underestimate the possibility and extent of a looming disaster even when we have incontrovertible evidence that it will happen.
We assume that since a disaster never has occurred, then it never will occur.
Normalcy bias has also been called analysis paralysis, incredulity response, the ostrich effect and by first responders, the negative panic.
The opposite of normalcy bias would be overreaction, or "worst-case scenario" bias, in which small deviations from normality are dealt with as signaling an impending catastrophe.
It can manifest itself in the case of phenomena, such as car crashes, that occur very frequently, but the average individual experiences only rarely, if ever.
Experts in various fields have attributed certain familiar behaviors to normalcy bias.
In the video, "the officer misses multiple threat cues...because the assailant talks lovingly about his daughter and jokes about how packed his minivan is.
The officer only seems to react to the positive interactions, while seeming to ignore the negative signals.
This professional failure, notes the publication, is a consequence of normalcy bias.
He recalled how people often tried to convince him to chill out while fleeing from impending doom.
He said even when tornado warnings were issued, people assumed it was someone else's problem.
Stake-holding peers, he said, would try to shame him into denial so they could remain calm.
People who promote conspiracy theories or apocalyptic future scenarios have cited the normalcy bias as a prime reason why others scoff at their pronouncements.
The lack of preparation for disasters often leads to inadequate shelter, supplies, and evacuation plans.
Even when all these things are in place, individuals with a normalcy bias often refuse to leave their homes.
Normalcy bias can cause people to drastically underestimate the effects of the disaster.
Therefore, they think that everything will be all right while information from the radio, television, or neighbors gives them reason to believe there is a risk.
The normalcy bias creates a cognitive dissonance that they then must work to eliminate.
Some manage to eliminate it by refusing to believe new warnings coming in and refusing to evacuate (maintaining the normalcy bias) while others eliminate the dissonance by escaping the danger.
The possibility that some may refuse to evacuate causes significant problems in disaster planning.
Stress slows the process, and when the brain cannot find an acceptable response to a situation, it fixates on a single and sometimes default solution that may or may not be correct.
An evolutionary reason for this response could be that paralysis gives an animal a better chance of surviving an attack and predators are less likely to see prey that is not moving.
Various sources have proffered more detailed advice for overcoming normalcy bias.
First, be aware of your own normality bias and be conscious of the need to overcome it.
Learn to think for yourself instead of relying on information from authorities or expecting help from the government.
Challenge your own natural human tendency to avoid unpleasant news.
As you go through your day, don't take for granted that everything will be as it always is: be constantly aware of your surroundings so as to avoid being startled by the unexpected.
Carry out "thought experiments anticipating possible problems and getting mentally ready for them.
Avoid wishful thinking and denial and cultivate self-honesty, strength, and determination.
Develop survival plans, for example an evacuation plan in case of fire in your own home.
Noting the effect regression to the mean, most deviations from normalcy do not lead to catastrophe, despite regular predictions of doomsday.
The station originally had two opposed side platforms, and the ruins of the second platform are still in situ.
Fifteen players join up at the start of every season and spend two years with the side before returning to their previous professional club.
After the renovation drive, the stadium features a re-laid synthetic hockey surface and floodlights of international standards.
He was still weak and had a sore shoulder when the season opened.
A knee injury in the final week of spring training delayed his comeback try for almost two months.
After the procedure he was told he had suffered a silent heart attack.
Kirby had been complaining about chest discomfort and numbness in his arm.
It appeared that he had fallen asleep while reading and suffered the fatal attack.
After their bodies are retrieved, they are placed into a secret program in which they are reanimated and trained to become unquestioning killing machines.
Although various authors disagree about its edibility, its modest size prevents it from being a significant source of nutrition.
The surface color can range from a lighter cream to a darker tan, with brownish scales thinning out towards the margin of the cap.
The gills are free from the stalk and packed closely together, showing a pink to salmon color in youth and aging to a darker brown.
A ring or remnants thereof are often evident, while the partial veil is often absent or minutely visible along the margin of the cap.
The flesh is white throughout and stains yellow when bruised.
The taste is said to be slightly reminiscent of anise or almond while the odor is often more distinctive.
On the positive side firefighting efforts have allowed the park to become more wooded and thus support a larger elephant population.
As a child, he enjoyed surfing and sailing, often participating in boat races.
His mother was awarded custody, but found him too difficult to control, and at the age of ten he moved in full-time with his father.
Nowell was described as a "gifted kid with many friends".
The band was often asked to leave the parties due to excessive noise.
Despite their local success, music venues were skeptical of the band's eclectic musical fusion and many refused to book the band.
The band agreed, and sneaked into the school at night, where they recorded from midnight to seven in the morning.
He was leading the band, leading his fans, and he had to put on this persona.
He heard a lot of musicians say they were taking heroin to be more creative".
Bradley had tried waking up his fellow band-mates to go to the beach with him that morning, but they were too hung-over and tired to get out of bed.
Nowell's widow wanted to make it clear that the goal of the concert was not to glamorize his death, but rather to promote drug awareness and prevention among fans.
But you're also there to change things for the future and prevent stuff like that from ever happening again.
Nowell was known to invite his friends and their dogs over to film parodies of popular music videos; the dogs would pose as a band or an artist, dressed in corresponding costumes.
It is made of sheep and cow milk and usually added to salads and main dishes, pitas, served with bread or eaten alone.
The hallmarks of the cheese are its saltiness, and the fact that it is a treat for any time of the day or year.
Even though the cheese is popular in its solid form, there is also a soft version of it.
Lately however, companies have launched industrial production lines of this product.
Later, in the more modern way the milk was pasteurized before used for cheese production.
After pasteurization, the milk gets a dose of yeast which needs which is required for the fermentation process.
Again, in the traditional method this yeast was taken from sheep gallstone whereas nowadays it is bought ready to use.
The milk (or pre-cheese) stays in the diaper until it gains a strong and solid state and also starts to change its color from white to light yellow.
After that, the cheese is taken out and stays for a few days on racks, in closed door places with low temperature.
An interesting fact is that even the type of wood used in constructing the racks affects the aroma and quality of the cheese.
The industrial version is made from pasteurized milk which is then fermented.
The main difference between the two is its state, although saltiness and smell can also vary.
The soft variant has only later appeared whereas the traditional type has been produced in the same way since the beginning and is also the preferred flavor of the two.
The list below is set out in descending order of the number of votes received at the by-election.
While he was there, he pushed for the creation of the university's arts and music institute.
This festival featured some of the greatest international performers and soloists in classical music.
Preventive nutrition is a branch of nutrition science with the goal of preventing or delaying or reducing the impacts of disease and disease-related complications.
It is concerned with a high level of personal well-being, disease prevention, and diagnosis of recurring health problems or symptoms of discomfort which are often precursors to health issues.
The forewing ground colour is yellow with flecks of orange.
The distal area is shaded grey and there is a small black discal spot.
The hindwing is similar but lacks the basal fascia and the distal fascia does not reach the wing apex.
It originally covered all aspects of biology, especially physiology, but now focusses on neuroscience.
When the railroad goes into receivership, the railroad is forced to lay off several people.
Now that the railroad has won some business back, it must work on its speed, to attract more business.
Doyle asks a former railroad employee to run a fast freight to beat the trucking company's schedule.
Before the wreck occurred, the train beat the trucking company's schedule.
When the trucking company challenges the railroad to a race for a contract, the railroad starts to win, but is sabotaged by the trucking company, which has been sabotaging the railroad all along.
The hindwings are whitish and semihyaline with a smoky line along the termen and some smoky shading on the veins.
The education department has links with local colleges, offering opportunities for prisoners to attend college outside the prison on a full or part-time basis.
These aphids are tiny green insects with soft bodies and membranous wings.
During the spring and summer all adults are females and give birth to live young by parthenogenesis.
At one time they were thought to be the same species but chromosomal differences between the two have been found and they are now considered to be separate species.
The aphids are preyed on by ladybirds and are parasitized by certain species of wasp which lay their eggs in young nymphs.
This correlates with the nutritional quality of the tree's sap.
This is high in the early season spurt of growth, falls in the middle of the summer and rises again in late summer with senescence setting in.
At this time the tree is transferring organic products out of the leaves (which will soon be shed) to the trunk and roots for storage.
This richer saps seem to stimulate the aphids to resume reproductive activity.
He noted that the full-size bomb casings used in training were astonishingly small, of a size that could easily be mishandled.
As a flight instructor, he developed a novel method of teaching new students to land an airplane by the end of the first lesson.
His objection to nuclear power was its potential for reactor melt-down, but his real concern was nuclear weapons, which he wanted to see abolished worldwide.
The government's case for censorship collapsed when the information in question was shown to be in the public domain.
Spatial view cells are neurons in primates' hippocampus; they respond when a certain part of the environment is in the animal's field of view.
They are related to place cells and head direction cells.
Spatial view cells differ from place cells, since they are not localized in space.
They also differ from head direction cells since they don't represent a global orientation (like a compass), but the direction towards a specific object.
Spatial view cells are the cells that respond in the hippocampus when a particular location is being recalled.
These cells are identified in the hippocampus of test subjects by monitoring individual neurons while the test subject is moved around in a cue controlled spatial environment.
The spatial view cells are the cells that fire consistently when the monkey is looking at a certain direction in the environment; this is independent of the head direction or the location of the monkey.
Also, these cells are confirmed to be spatial view cells by observing that there is minimal randomized firing of the cells without the appropriate stimulus present.
Imaging studies have shown that the hippocampus plays an important role in spatial navigation and episodic memories.
Also, spatial view cells enable them to recall locations of objects even if they are not physically present in the environment.
The neurons associated with remembering the location and object are often found in the primate hippocampus.
These spatial view cells do not only recall specific locations, but they also remember distances between other landmarks around the place in order to gain a better understanding of where the places are spatially.
In real world applications, monkeys remember where they saw ripe fruit with the aid of spatial view cells.
Humans use spatial view cells when they try to recall where they may have seen a person or where they left their keys.
Primates' highly developed visual and eye movement control systems enables them to explore and remember information about what's present at places in the environment without having to physically visit those places.
These sorts of memories would be useful for spatial navigation in which the primates visualize everything in an allocentric, or worldly manner that allows them to convey directions to others without physically going through the entire route.
These cells are used by primates in regular day-to-day lives.
Strokes, meningitis, and encephalitis are only a few of the various illnesses that can cause harm to the spatial view cells.
Some clinical symptoms present in patients with damage to the central nervous system include: fever, altered mental status, and neck stiffness.
Lesion studies have shown that damage to the hippocampus or to some of its connections, such as the fornix, in monkeys produces deficits in learning about the places of objects and about the places where responses should be made.
This sort of damage to the brain often results in impaired object-place memory.
Object-place memory tasks require the monkey to not only remember the object seen, but they must also remember where the object was seen in the environment.
It has been shown that posterior para-hippocampal lesions in macaques impair even a simple type of object-place learning in which only one pair of unique stimuli are needed for memory.
Another illness that reflects signs of spatial view damage is fornix lesions that impair conditional left-right discrimination learning.
Patients with amnesia often have memory impairments in which they have difficulty remembering both what they saw and where they saw the object or event take place.
These signs point to the possible damage to spatial view cells found in the hippocampus.
Tests in which the monkey was not allowed to have active locomotion provided very few results of spatial view cells being detected in the hippocampus.
Majority of the experiments conducted for spatial view cells involved the use of macaque monkeys as test subjects.
These types of cells are identified by monitoring the hippocampus of the monkeys while the brains are stimulated by presenting various images and objects in the monkey's vision.
Various researchers use different methodologies in sync with the experiment being conducted in order to identify these spatial view cells.
For example, in a delayed spatial response task, the monkey is shown a stimulus on one side of a screen and then the stimulus is taken away.
After a short while, the stimulus is again presented to the monkey in the same location and the firing of the cell in the hippocampus that is specifically associated with the location at which the monkey is looking and is independent of the location of the monkey helps identify the spatial view cell.
The monkeys in this of experiment are encouraged by rewarding them with fruit juice when they correctly identify the same object in the same location twice in a row and if they get it incorrect, the monkeys receive a saline taste.
It is also believed that whenever an episodic memory is stored, part of the context from that event is also stored along with it.
As a result, recalling a certain place can link up the emotions at that time.
These recollections do not only happen if a place is recalled, but they are prone to occur if the person is in the same mood as they were at the time of the event.
Rewards are also remembered along with the place at which it was received.
Spatial view cells have been proven to be independent of head direction and place cells.
Spatial view cells have been shown to respond even in the dark without any visual cues as long as the test subject was facing in the proper direction.
It is believed that in the absence of visual cues, spatial view cells respond from the inputs being received from head direction cells and place cells along with eye position of the primate.
The use of the vestibular system and proprioceptive cues also provide a sense of direction the animal is facing in the dark.
For example, when a monkey is oriented in a different position spatially such as being upside down, the spatial view cells still respond when the test subject faces the appropriate direction.
This implies that there is stream of new information being received by the spatial view cells constantly.
He learned how to play the violin at an early age, but in high school discovered other kinds of music.
He was bullied as a child because of his height, which lead to confrontations.
His vocals and violin playing added a new dimension to the bands overall sound.
Various reasons cited were his conflicts with other band members, several run-ins with the law, and lack of songwriting ability.
His regular position is flanker, but he can also play as a lock.
She has a full lyric soprano voice, which has been described as "mellow yet vibrant, warm, ample and unforced".
Initially, she was not willing to meet him, but later agreed.
The episode ended bitterly, and she has since reaffirmed her decision to have nothing to do with her birth family.
In recent years, her appearances onstage have become infrequent, although she remains busy as a concert singer.
She cancelled after learning that his fans sometimes threw their underwear on stage, which he would then proudly display.
In this role, she made budget requests to the legislature, and was responsible for selections and purchases of library materials across the state.
Due to this content, the book was accused of promoting racial integration and interracial marriage, and demands were made to ban it from public library shelves.
Libraries with their own copies, not provided by the library agency, were not affected and could keep the book on the shelves.
The make up of the assembly acts as a minority parliament.
Traditionally the cabinet votes as a block known as cabinet solidarity.
He was still relatively unknown nationally before the primary season.
The party platform included preventive health care, sustainable agriculture and renewable energy technologies.
Clinton was often accused of being a philanderer by political opponents.
However, none of these races included a major third candidate.
Perot lost much of his support when he temporarily withdrew from the election, only to declare himself a candidate again soon after.
This was also the most recent time that a third-party candidate won a county.
First, the campaign came on the heels of an economic slowdown.
Supporters remained energized and confident, even in times of scandal or missteps.
Perot appealed to disaffected voters all across the political spectrum who had grown weary of the two-party system.
She began her musical career as a solo singer-songwriter, singing and accompanying her music on the guitar.
Natasha credits a musical aunt of hers who introduced her to her primary influences in classic rock.
Instead you discover a band eager to let the new music speak for itself, as it quickly rises above the noise.
Though listed in the show's opening credits, his appearances were infrequent, and he often appeared to be somewhat camera shy.
In his rare appearances, he was portrayed as something of a foil to his mother's raunchy behavior.
The dog's tendency to attempt to have intercourse with various inanimate objects was a running gag on the show.
